Responsibilities
Specific responsibilities vary by project area. General responsibilities include:

Develop scripts to automate routine tasks while also reading and reviewing others’ code to provide feedback.
Analyze information and evaluate results to choose the best solution to effectively solve problems.
Mitigate reliability failures in a component or system.
Create and support a productive and innovative team. This includes working with peers, managers, and teams.
Take on tasks as requested, following through to completion despite roadblocks or distractions.
Qualifications
Minimum qualifications:
BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
Experience in writing code fixes and tools to solve problems in C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python (e.g., removing duplicate elements from a list) and experience in optimizing code for stability, functionality and scalability (e.g., crawling, search, troubleshooting).
Experience or previous project assignments with Data Structures and Algorithms (i.e. selecting and implementing an algorithm, using data structures to solve a problem.) Experience creating algorithms that improve a product’s capabilities, speed, efficiency, or reliability.
Experience with data structures, branching, function-calls, and conditionals as well as debugging code and submitting the appropriate fix.

Preferred qualifications:
Graduating from a BS/MS program in Spring/Summer 2018.
Previous tech internships or relevant work experience programming in C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python.
Experience developing thorough testing solutions across testing layers (e.g., unit, functional, integration, stress testing) for your code, using one or more of the following: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, or Python.
Demonstrated experience programming in 2 or more of the above languages: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python.
Experience manipulating code to improve system availability and latency; Experience with improving inventing or proving the value of new algorithms that improve a product's capabilities, speed, efficiency and reliability.
Skill in isolating problems to a database subsystem.
