A Subrahmanyam
Bengaluru Area, India
Principal Engineer at Dell Research & Development Centre

Summary
Around 13+ years of IT Industry experience 
- Experience in System Domain, Virtualization & Cloud Infrastructure Management
- Experience in Leading and Managing the Team.
- 7+ yrs of experience in CRM and CEM domain specific   softwares.
- Extensive knowledge on Call Center CRM Softwares and technologies
- Expertise in IBM Websphere Application Server and JBoss administration
- Led software implementation and training at Call Centers.
- Experience of handling L1/L2/L3 level support for customers
- Handled interaction with Customers starting from requirement till implementation and training
- Expertise in Web Technologies, Open Source Technologies.
- Handled Onsite - Offsite process
- Introduced several software development and quality process in the team till implementation.
- Guided different website from UI till functional milestones.
- Experience in Mentoring and Team Building activities

Specialties: CRM Domain, Virtualization, Cloud Computing, Open Source Development, Team
 Management, Software and Quality Control Process, Release Management

Experience
Software Dev Senior Engineer at Dell Research & Development Centre
October 2015  -  Present  (2 years 1 month)

Software Development Engineer Advisor at Dell Research & Development Centre
November 2010  -  October 2015  (5 years)

SMTS at Cincom Systems
July 2004  -  November 2010  (6 years 5 months)

Leading independent module.
Providing solution to customer support in dealing with customer issues
Defining solution workflow for the product implementation at Customer Site.
Helping in Product implementation at Customer site.
Mentoring new team members and juniors

Education
Indian Institute of Management Bangalore
GMITE, Business Administration and Management, General, 2016 - 2017
Utkal University
Masters in Computer Application, Computers, 1998 - 2001
Laxmi Narayan College, Jharsuguda
10+2, Science
Activities and Societies:  Cleared NCC 'B' Certificate from Ministry of Defence, Govt of India
Laxmi Narayan College, Jharsuguda
Bachelor of Science, Mathematics
Activities and Societies:  Cleared NCC 'C' Certificate from Ministry of Defence, Govt of India

A Subrahmanyam
Bengaluru Area, India
Principal Engineer at Dell Research & Development Centre

4 people have recommended A

""Subu" has been a tremendous inspiration to me during my engagement at Cincom in Delhi,
India. I especially appreciated his un-assuming demeanor and Total commitment to helping those
around him both at work and socially. His friendly disposition makes him a firm favourite amongst
those around him and his broad range of subject-matter expertise is highly appreciated. He is a
genuine asset to Cincom and I am convinced that he will make it anywhere else should the right
circumstances presents itself."
—Gevin van Wyk, Technical Implementation & Customization Consultant,  CRM Integrators
International,  worked with A at Cincom Systems

"Subrahmanyam is one of the best hard working person i have ever met in my life. His Do or
Die attitude is what impresses me. Subra dedicates himself completly to any tasks he has been
assigned & I nevar seen him deviating from his tasks till achieves the success no matter how
complex is the task. Everyone in the team loves to work with him that makes him the team player."
—Vinod Medikonda, Solutions Architect,  Brightstar,  managed A at Cincom Systems

"I highly recommend Subra for software development roles. Subra was one of the key "players" on
my team in India. He stays current on technology, is an effective communicator, easy to work with,
and the best table tennis player I've encountered in a long time."
—John DeRegnaucourt, Senior Enterprise Architect,  Great American Insurance,  managed A at
Cincom Systems

"From day one I was impressed with Subra. Whether it was is daily dedication to quality , his
continuous desire to innovate or his constant pursuit to meet tough deadlines, he was the guy that
you could count on to get the job done and done well. A top notch team player, always willing to
step in when needed. Smart, skillful, witty and personable .. a perfect addition to any team."
—Steve Sanden, Technical Lead - Core Services Team,  Great American Insurance,  worked
directly with A at Cincom Systems

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

