Abhyuday "Uday" Chakravarthi
Greater Seattle Area
Senior Product Manager Lead, Growth @ Azure, Microsoft

Summary
Product leader, growth hacker, engineer, and entrepreneur. Led major initiatives at large technology
 companies (Microsoft and PayPal) and fast growing startups, shipped high impact technology
 products for mobile and web, and managed large teams.

Cornell MBA + USC CS.

Specialties: Consumer products(B2B and B2C), growth hacking, payments, messaging,
 experimentation, analytics, business development, and personalization.

Experience
Senior Product Manager Lead, Azure Growth + Ecosystems at Microsoft
August 2015  -  Present  (2 years 3 months)

I lead the Growth team for Azure, Microsoft's fastest growing business. I also own and drive product
 roadmaps for Azure Trials, Training, Support, Live Chat, Personalization and Experimentation (A/B
 testing) on Azure.com 

*  Product Owner for Azure Free Trials. Launched several features to improve Trial Acquisition
 funnel, resulting in ~$100 million incremental revenue.

*  Drove the team to execution and launch of Azure Stack, world's first hybrid cloud platform that is
 consistent with a major public cloud, Microsoft Azure. (http://www.businessinsider.com/microsoft-
azure-stack-hybrid-cloud-released-2017-7)

* Launched Azure Training, a series of free online video courses, hands on labs, and learning paths
 to help professionals gain in-depth knowledge of Azure services, resulting in 8K hours of usage in
 one-month post launch. 

* Built out Growth team for Azure.com from ground up. Established experimentation workflow,
 prioritization framework, and automated reporting to scale experiments (A/B tests) to 4X in a
 month. Launched 150+ growth experiments in FY 17, resulting in over $100 million incremental
 revenue.  

* Product Owner responsible for launching  personalization on Azure. Went from requirements to
 full homepage traffic in 2 months, delivering double digit  improvement in retention post launch.

*  Launched Live Chat to provide potential customers an additional channel of assistance, and
 scaled it to 18 markets within 3 months, resulting in multi-million dollar incremental revenue from
 sales pipeline. 

* Launched live streaming web and mobile experience for Build 2017, Microsoft's largest
 conference of the year that included live stream of keynotes, announcement feed, and real time
 tweets.

Senior Product Manager at LiveCareer
August 2014  -  July 2015  (1 year)

LiveCareer is a fast-paced, innovative company whose mission is to revolutionize the online career
 world by creating transformational products that help people find the careers they love.

* Define and manage product vision and roadmap for Resume Builder, a line of business with
 annual sales of over $60 million revenue.

* Analyzed customer engagement metrics, customer complaint tickets, and cancellation survey
 data. Launched content discovery features for online resume builder, resulting in a 7% (~$X million
 in revenue) increase in LTV.

* Performed customer interviews, competitive analysis, and usability testing to deliver innovative
 features for delighting customers. Features include keyword hints, job scanner, and resume
 scoring.

Product Manager at PayPal
2011  -  2013  (2 years)

* Led teams in Paris and San Jose to entirely rebuild PayPal.com – PayPal’s largest site overhaul
 in last ten years, resulting in an intuitive login, and optimized send money flow, increasing key
 engagement metrics

* Product lead for PayPal Here. Set overall direction for what was then PayPal Here’s largest
 project to date. 

* Grew PayPal Here’s activation rate by X% by leading cross-functional team of Product and
 Engineering  to launch welcome experience for new users – including feature walkthrough and
 store locator.

Senior Software Engineer at Viacom
2008  -  2011  (3 years)

* Managed web development for new game portals for Nickelodeon.  

* Integrated a complex cloud based software-as-a-service (SAAS) portal into all Nickelodeon game
 sites, resulting in better customer service and support for over 40 million global users.

Software Engineer at TripAdvisor
2006  -  2008  (2 years)

Education
Cornell University
Master of Business Administration (MBA), 2013 - 2014
Activities and Societies:  Summer Associate at BR Venture Fund, Entrepreneurship & Innovation
 Institute Associate, and MasterCard Innovation Express Hackathon Finallist
University of Southern California
Master of Science, Computer Science, 2004 - 2006
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
Bachelor's degree, Computer Science, 2001 - 2004

Abhyuday "Uday" Chakravarthi
Greater Seattle Area
Senior Product Manager Lead, Growth @ Azure, Microsoft

4 people have recommended Abhyuday "Uday"

"It was a pleasure working with Abhyuday at VirtualTourist. He's a very capable Web Developer
who consistently delivered high-performance, scalable web applications on time & with high quality.
Abhyuday is a great team player and is well respected by his colleagues. In particular, I'd like to
highlight his proactive approach to the project work -- he would actively reach out to people in
diffrent functions on the project: graphic designers, project managers, producers, qa, etc. to ensure
that requirements make sense, techical solutions are appropriate, and high quality is maintained"
—Patrick Harsadi, Software Engineer,  OceanX, LLC,  worked with Abhyuday "Uday" at TripAdvisor

"Uday is a excellent product manager who naturally leads his teams and yet is also extremely
detail orientated. His passion for great products is evident in his work, He is a team player and his
decisiveness is well respected by peers. Most importantly, he inspires others to do there best work.
Uday's an all-star addition to any team, and I genuinely look forward to working with him again. "
—Neha Arora, Product Management,  RingCentral,  worked directly with Abhyuday "Uday" at
PayPal

"I worked with Uday at Microsoft on the Azure.com site. I was incredibly impressed with Uday's
ability to use testing, analytics, and customer feedback to run a highly valuable optimization
program. I was on the marketing side of the fence and really appreciated how Uday worked with
teams to collect their ideas and resolve their business issues. Uday is a very rare combination of
someone with both tech and business skills, and I recommend him highly."
—Greg Raece, President,  OnlineMetals,  worked with Abhyuday "Uday" at Microsoft

"Abhyuday is one of the very best frontend engineers I know. If you have a chance to work with or
for him, grab it. He is a master and a craftsman. His expert-level understand of the full technical
stack is complimented by his excellent eye for design, his empathy for users and their real-
world experiences with his sites, and his experience creating mega-traffic sites under intense
performance demands. He is a caring mentor and smart leader. He delivers in the trenches while

making those around him shine. He's tireless when supporting his team. I hope to have a chance to
work alongside him again, and know that anybody who does is lucky."
—Vishal Gupta, Senior Software Engineer 2 - Adobe Experiece Manager,  Citrix,  reported to
Abhyuday "Uday" at TripAdvisor

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

