Ada-Mihaela Solcan
London, United Kingdom
Software Engineer at Pivotal, Inc.

Experience
Software Engineer at Pivotal, Inc.
April 2016  -  Present  (1 year 7 months)

Pivotal Labs is an agile software consultancy. 
One of the projects I worked on as part of Pivotal Labs is Sainsbury's Chop Chop, the first on-
demand service offered by a grocery store in the UK. Chop Chop is a mobile app that allows
 customers to order up to 25 items to arrive within 60 minutes. 
I've also spent a few months working with the Cloud Foundry teams from London.

Software Engineer at Facebook
October 2015  -  March 2016  (6 months)

I was part of the Security Infrastructure team. Here I worked on fixing shell code vulnerabilities.
 After that I worked on the deletion framework, which it a way to delete portions of the Facebook
 Graph. This is especially useful for user account deletions, where Facebook is legally required to
 delete all user data associated to that account.

Software Engineering Intern at Google
July 2014  -  October 2014  (4 months)

I was part of the YouTube Content ID Match System team. Videos uploaded to YouTube are
 scanned against a database of files that have been submitted to them by content owners.
 Copyright owners get to decide what happens when content in a video on YouTube matches a
 work they own. When this happens, the video gets a Content ID claim.

QA Intern at Intel Corporation
September 2013  -  May 2014  (9 months)

I was part of the Yocto QA team. The Yocto Project is an open source collaboration project that
 provides templates, tools and methods to help you create custom Linux-based systems for
 embedded products. 
My responsibilities included the automation of the test suite for the Eclipse IDE Plug-in for the Yocto
 Project ADT using Dogtail, a GUI test tool and automation framework written in Python.

Software Developer Intern at Telmap, an Intel company
July 2013  -  August 2013  (2 months)

I was part of the Core Client Team and worked at an iOS application.
I worked here until the company was shut down by Intel, and afterwards continued to work for Intel

Software Developer Intern at Adobe
July 2012  -  September 2012  (3 months)

I was part of the Web Engine Embedded team and my project was a trace event profiling tool in
 Chromium Embedded Framework 3 implemented in C++ which starts Chromium's tracing tool and
 instruments embedding application code together with logs from Chromium.

Education
University of Bucharest
Master of Science (M.Sc.), Computer Software Engineering, 2013 - 2015
Activities and Societies:  Asociatia Studentilor la Matematica si Informatica
Bucharest Art School
Painting, 2010 - 2013
University of Bucharest
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Computer Science, 2010 - 2013
Activities and Societies:  Asociatia Studentilor la Matematica si Informatica

Ada-Mihaela Solcan
London, United Kingdom
Software Engineer at Pivotal, Inc.

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

