Akankshu Dhawan
San Francisco Bay Area
Product Management at Uber

Experience
Product Management at Uber
March 2017  -  Present  (8 months)

Product Management at AppDynamics
September 2015  -  March 2017  (1 year 7 months)

Senior Product Manager at AppDynamics
January 2015  -  August 2015  (8 months)

Product Manager II at Microsoft
December 2012  -  January 2015  (2 years 2 months)

Software Development Engineer at Microsoft
January 2010  -  November 2012  (2 years 11 months)

Co-Founder at ImaZing
October 2010  -  November 2011  (1 year 2 months)

• Defined strategic positioning and launch strategy to maintain top 2% position within photo apps for
 over 12 months
• Developed a leading photo-editing application for WindowsPhone resulting in over 120,000 app-
store downloads

Software Developer (Intern) at Bose Corporation
June 2009  -  September 2009  (4 months)

• Developed noise cancellation and enhancement tools for automobiles
• Led and contributed across the complete software development lifecycle

Software Engineer at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution
June 2009  -  June 2009

Software Engineer at The MathWorks
June 2008  -  December 2008  (7 months)

•Updated MATLAB’s automated testing utility, ensuring performance and consistent Quality.
•300 % Improvement in performance of MATLAB interface components using optimization
 algorithms working on C++ and Java

•Initiated code update to make it compatible with internationalization standards, working closely with
 Japanese Translation team as a key facilitator.

Research Assistant at University of Massachusetts
January 2008  -  June 2008  (6 months)

•Published a novel real-time detection & localization system isolating gunshot events in an indoor
 environment. 
•Developed a nesC (C for sensor networks) project for wireless motes on TinyOS to connect the
 microphone to the RF antenna and achieve high sampling rate. 
•Optimized sensor requirement per room using acoustic characteristics and network scalability.
•Demonstrated and tested the system for different room setups and localization techniques.

Web Developer at QuarkCity Ltd
May 2005  -  July 2005  (3 months)

•Set up a ASP .NET based portal currently being used to generate employee performance 
•Collaborated with senior management to provide solution for exchange of information amongst
 1000+ employees

Education
The University of Chicago Booth School of Business
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Business, 2015
Activities and Societies:  Dean's Honor List Co-Chair Booth Private Equity Club. Active with: -
 Entrepreneurship and Venture Capital club - Booth Consulting Club - Booth High-Tech Club
University of Massachusetts Dartmouth
Electrical Engineering & Computer Science, 2007 - 2009
Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication Technology
Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.), Information and Communication Technology, 2003 - 2007

Akankshu Dhawan
San Francisco Bay Area
Product Management at Uber

5 people have recommended Akankshu

"Akankshu worked for me as a systems tuning tools engineer for his summer internship. His
proficiency in Matlab programming and GUI design enabled him to become productive with
amazing rapidity. In addition to his technical skills, I greatly appreciate his ability to grasp complex
concepts quickly, his enthusiasm for the work, and his eagerness to complete his assignments
promptly and ask for more. Akankshu’s software is of excellent quality."
—Davis Pan, Chief Signal Processing Engineer, Automotive Systems Division A/D,  Bose, 
managed Akankshu at Bose Corporation

"Akankshu had worked hard and independently on his thesis and shown a lot of innovation. He is
personable and communicates well."
—Ramprasad Balasubramanian, Interim Dean, College of Engineering,  University of
Massachusetts Dartmouth,  managed Akankshu at University of Massachusetts

"Akankshu is a bright enthusiastic person who is a quick learner and has good attention to detail.
He is very thorough in his tasks and is a pleasure to work with."
—Andrea Fease, Senior Software Quality Engineer,  EMC,  worked directly with Akankshu at The
MathWorks

""Akankshu as a colleague is very professional in his dealings. Has a eye for details and very
meticulous in his day to day activities. His people management skills are wonderful and all
colleagues speak highly of him. He has a strategic bent of mind. He is very intelligent and I am sure
he will go a long way in life. He is one person whom you can rely on for any work. He is an asset to
any organisation he works with. I wish him all the very best for his future and life ahead.""
—Abnisha Singh, Recruitment Manager,  Envisage Consultants,  managed Akankshu indirectly at
QuarkCity Ltd

"I have had the opportunity to work with many talented people at AppDynamics, but few have been
willing to roll up their sleeves and dig in to solve complex problems for clients like Akankshu has.

He is an incredible asset from a technical perspective but also can translate that into solving clients'
business requirements."
—John Gebhardt, Managing Director - Service Providers/System Integrators,  AppDynamics, 
worked with Akankshu at AppDynamics

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

