Akshay Dabholkar
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at IBM

Summary
MS-Computer Engineering graduate from San Jose State University, currently working as a Software
 Engineer for IBM's dashDB Security.

Skills:
Programming Languages: C, C++, Python, Perl, Java, SQL, Bash.
Tools: Eclipse, GIT, Visual Studio, Caffe, Concourse (Continuous Integration).
Protocols: CAN, UART, SPI, I2C, TCP, UDP, HTTP, HTTPS, DNS, SSL
Operating System: FreeRTOS, Linux, Windows.
Other Skills: Open-Cv, Image-processing, Deep-learning.

I always enjoyed working with a team in my professional job as well as academic projects and always
 tried to tackle problems in an optimistic manner.  

Experience
Software Engineer at IBM
July 2017  -  Present  (4 months)

- Working on improving the logging system of the product
- Integrating Identity and access management system with the product

Software Engineer Intern at IBM
June 2016  -  July 2017  (1 year 2 months)

Working with Cloud Security Squad.
• Analyzed and fixed OS health-check issues related to password settings, file permissions, and
 crontab settings of the production environments by developing Perl scripts
• Fixed Nessus scan issues related to weak MAC support and known Global Certificate of the
 production environments by developing Perl scripts
• Designed and built continuous integration infrastructure by developing Yaml scripts
• Tested the code changes by adding the test cases using the concourse (continuous integration
 infrastructure)
• Documented existing issues, false positive issues, and fixes to fix the issues
• Made production machine HIPAA compliant by configuring authorized_keys and sshd_config files

Train Operations at Scomi Engineering Mumbai Monorail
May 2013  -  May 2015  (2 years 1 month)

 Movement of monorail train on mainline and depot area.
 Preparation of Level 1 maintenance checklist
 Identifying and troubleshooting the faults onboard and reporting same to Operation Control
 Centre.
 Testing and commissioning of new trains on mainline and depot.
 Level 1 testing of operation for certification of monorail systems for clients.
 Imparting training to new batches
. 

Education
San Jose State University
Master of Science (M.S.), Computer Engineering, 2015 - 2017
Mumbai University Mumbai
Bachelor's degree, Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering, 2008 - 2012

Akshay Dabholkar
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at IBM

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

