Akshay Joshi
Greater Seattle Area
Software Development Engineer at Amazon.com

Experience
Software Development Engineer at Amazon
December 2015  -  Present  (1 year 11 months)

Working on the self-service ad campaign management platform called Advertise Your App.
 Involved in development of various features and components on the front and back end.

Technology Analyst at Morgan Stanley
February 2015  -  December 2015  (11 months)

Worked on design and development of search application for the wealth management front desk.
 Was involved in the back-end development using LucidWorks Fusion and Apche Solr. The
 application was targeted to be 1) a single search solution to varied types of datasets 2) provide
 better relevance and recommendation for the searches 3) provide natural language searching
 capability.

Software Engineering Intern at Motorola Solutions
June 2014  -  August 2014  (3 months)

1) Designed and developed a reverse interpreter for an in house event based language. The tool
 converts a proprietary byte code back to its original script. The tool helps reduce the manual effort
 for debugging faulty byte codes from mobile scanning devices.

2) Built an android application for testing mobile device camera quality for properties like lens
 shading, color shading and blemish. The application reduces the effort of testing samples from the
 mobile devices, by provisioning on device testing modules.

Senior Research Aide at CA Technologies
October 2013  -  January 2014  (4 months)

1) Worked on the integration of Workload Automation and hadoop clusters using. The project
 involved building middleware for the communication of the components.

2) The automation helps in controlling services running on clusters from a central console.

Associate Solutions Architect at Akamai Technologies
July 2012  -  July 2013  (1 year 1 month)

1) Worked with enterprise customers throughout the complete cycle of design, development, testing
 and deployment of Akamai Enterprise solutions.

2) As a part of the role, I was involved in requirements analysis and converting them into designs
 using the Akamai products.

3) Implemented the design logic using the Akamai metadata.

4) Performed unit and regression testing on the solutions.

5) Deployed the solutions and assisted the customers with Go-Lives.

6) Successfully handled multiple projects simultaneously.

Programmer at MOKSHA UGV
2010  -  2011  (1 year)

Worked as a part of the Image Processing team and as a general Programmer for the project. 
Image Processing:

1) We developed an algorithm for robot navigation using the sight information from the camera.

2) We optimized the image processing function by using simple edge detection methods over grey
 scaled image segments.

General Programmer:
We integrated the components of the unmanned ground vehicle: SONAR (for Obstacle detect),
 Camera (Lane Following), GPS (for Navigation) and Motor controller (for movement)

Education
Stony Brook University
Master of Science (MS), Computer Science, 2013 - 2014
Activities and Societies:  Habitat for Humanity
M S Ramaiah Institute of Technology, Bangalore
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Computer Science and Engineering, 2008 - 2012

Akshay Joshi
Greater Seattle Area
Software Development Engineer at Amazon.com

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

