Alen Kubati
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Google

Experience
Software Engineer at Google
July 2015  -  Present  (2 years 4 months)

Working in backend data infrastructure in Mesa. More details about Mesa: http://
static.googleusercontent.com/media/research.google.com/en//pubs/archive/42851.pdf

Software Developer Engineer at Yahoo
March 2014  -  June 2015  (1 year 4 months)

• Joined Yahoo Gemini, a fast-paced team within Yahoo which aims to revamp Yahoo’s Native ads
 serving and redesign Yahoo’s Mobile Search serving (#2 in Mobile Search in the market).
• Worked on developing and maintaining the end-to-end testing infrastructure for Gemini from ad-
creation to reporting during the first 6 months in order to enable to team to ship new features with
 quality.
• Currently working on the reporting side of Gemini, which aims to provide Yahoo’s leadership with
 important information about Gemini marketplace conditions
• Experience: Java, Tableau, Hive, Oracle, Python

Software Engineering Intern at Facebook
May 2013  -  August 2013  (4 months)

• Developed and deployed a significant portion of a contact de-duplication system. It automatically
 recognized duplicate user database entries (among several DBs) and, based on a certain
 confidence level, merged similar users. We built it using mainly SQL and PHP and the most
 interesting challenge was finding the right function to predict confidence level. The function was
 trained on a DB of known duplicates and performed with 85-90% accuracy.
• System was mainly used by the recruiting team, which used it to find duplicate candidate
 information in the system. The system was able to remove ~10,000 duplicates on a database of
 ~1,000,000 users.

Tutor at University of Pennsylvania
September 2010  -  May 2013  (2 years 9 months)

During the past 3 years as a student at the University of Pennsylvania I worked part time as a tutor
 in Computer Science and Mathematics. Subjects ranged from Calculus I - III and many entry to
 mid-level computer science classes.

Undergraduate Research at University of Pennsylvania

May 2011  -  August 2011  (4 months)

Worked on ways of enforcing security on a hardware level with Dr. Andre DeHon

Software Engineer at Venmo
January 2010  -  May 2010  (5 months)

• Joined Venmo very early on when it was pioneering text-based monetary transfers.
• Built a system using Python and MySQL that measured and predicted important metrics such as
 active users, monetary transfers, &
market growth. The business made several important business decisions based on these metrics,
 which helped grow the number of users. The main challenge was finding the most important
 metrics.

Education
University of Pennsylvania
Masters in Computer Science, Computer Science, Mathematics, 2009 - 2013
Activities and Societies:  Chess Club
New Providence High School

Alen Kubati
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Google

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

