Aliaksei Litouka
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Facebook

Experience
Software Engineer at Facebook
July 2016  -  Present  (1 year 4 months)

Senior Software Engineer at TripAdvisor
October 2014  -  July 2016  (1 year 10 months)

I was doing a lot of iOS coding and some product management here. Was able to improve overall
 architecture of the iOS app and to encourage other members of the team to adopt best practices of
 object-oriented design.
Key engineering projects (all of them are parts of TripAdvisor iOS app): neighborhoods, travel
 guides, refactoring of search UI, refactoring of app navigation features, Apple Watch app (for
 watchOS 1)

Lead software developer at Exadel
March 2010  -  September 2014  (4 years 7 months)

Design and development of in-house iOS applications and reusable components that perform
 security-related functions and used in all iOS applications across the enterprise.

Senior software developer at Qulix Systems
October 2008  -  March 2010  (1 year 6 months)

Development of web applications for Microsoft .NET platform and mobile applications on Apple iOS
 platform. Assisting other developers in preparation for Microsoft certification exams. Supervising a
 small team of .NET developers (3 – 4 people).

Software developer at Belhard
July 2006  -  October 2008  (2 years 4 months)

Development of web applications for Microsoft .NET platform

engineer-programmer at national bank of Belarus
October 2005  -  July 2006  (10 months)

Development of certification authority software which is used within an enterprise and adheres to
 their strict security policy.

engineer-programmer at bank technologies center
April 2003  -  October 2005  (2 years 7 months)
Development of Windows applications in C++

Education
Udacity
Nanodegree, Artificial Intelligence, 2017 - 2017
Product School
Product management, 2015 - 2016
Belarusian State University of Informatics and Radioelectronics
Equivalent to M.S., Computer Science, 1999 - 2004
Coursera
Data science, machine learning

Aliaksei Litouka
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Facebook

5 people have recommended Aliaksei

"I've worked with Aliaksei more than one year. Actually have learned from him lots of OOP code; he
gave tons of brilliant hands-on examples for system architecture designing. Aliaksei is a calm and
goal-oriented team player. It was a pleasure to meet such person on my way."
—Yury Ramanchuk, Software Engineer,  Google,  worked indirectly for Aliaksei at Exadel

"Aliaksei is a professional developer, have good enough background in different technologies stack
(.NET, mobile), responsible and oriented on the result, have experience in small and middle teams
management. And it is very important that people like to work with him."
—Siarhei Khalipski, Senior Software Engineer,  Ciklum,  worked with Aliaksei at Qulix Systems

"Aleks is very responsible and talented developer. He is capable of solving complex tasks and is
always ready to help his junior colleagues. I wish I had more of this kind of guys in my team"
—Yegor Tsynkevich, Creative Director/Founder,  415Agency,  worked directly with Aliaksei at
national bank of Belarus

"I have worked directly with Aliaksei for several projects on our iPhone and iPad apps during our
time on the Mobile Experience team, and two things stand out to me. First, he is a great engineer
who is well respected among his peers. Second, he works well with product managers due to being
clear and concise with his communications. He pays attention to the smallest details, works hard
to accomplish his tasks, and is extremely dependable. In addition, he has a great product sense
and a strong passion for it. In summary, he is a great engineer to work with who also has an eye for
product, and I would not hesitate to work with him again."
—Sam Sung, Senior Product Manager,  Confirm.io,  worked directly with Aliaksei at TripAdvisor

"Aliaksei is very professional and attentive to details, he knows how to get thing done and he's just
a nice person to work with"
—Dmitry Malankov,  worked directly with Aliaksei at Qulix Systems

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

