Animesh Seth
Greater Seattle Area
Software Engineer II at Microsoft

Experience
Software Engineer II at Microsoft
June 2017  -  Present  (5 months)
Part of Azure Identity Platform

Software Engineer II at Microsoft
August 2015  -  June 2017  (1 year 11 months)

I am part of Kaizala Services (Mobile Only Team) team in Microsoft. We own the backend service
 which supports the chat App developed by Microsoft called Kaiala. I am part of the team from the
 beginning and has developed the service from scratch. Work on enhancing and scaling the existing
 service to handle more load than before and as well add new features in the service to support
 new new and complex use cases in the chat app.

Software Development Engineer at Amazon
January 2014  -  August 2015  (1 year 8 months)

I was part of the Shopping Cart team in amazon. Shopping cart is the service which handles the
 customer's cart all aroung the world for amazon. Worked closely with managers and outside teams
 to support new and enhance existing features in the Shopping cart

Software Engineer at ibibo Web Pvt. Ltd.
July 2012  -  January 2014  (1 year 7 months)

- Handle Backend order processing and its automation.
- created service for seller's and buyer's on tradus.com to communicate with each other with their
 normal email accounts without any of them know each others real email accounts.
- Service to provide seller's with their payouts and recovery calculations
- service that provides the gift voucher on tradus.com

College Intern at Cisco Systems, Bangalore
June 2011  -  July 2011  (2 months)

created an automated testing system for their CPT platform where they just need to select the
 testcases and it will automatically be execute with the result being mailed to the owner of the test
 executer

Intern at Cisco Systems
June 2011  -  July 2011  (2 months)

Worked on the matrix sanity tool for CPT-600 and CPT-200. Used for testing the various features of
 CPT.
-Applied complete SDLC on the project & was offered a PPO at the end of my Intern. 
-Tool to be run via CLI or Web. Result for both can be viewed on the web page or in a text file.

Winter Trainee at Maruti Suzuki India Ltd
December 2010  -  January 2011  (2 months)

Successfully completed the project on “Customer Relation Management (CRM) and Dealer
 Management System (DMS)”
-Got insight into the development phase of CRM and DMS and analysed customer data to find out
 various Trends.
-Developed new ideas to improve CRM and also developed ways to integrate CRM with DMS.

Summer Trainee at Bharat Electronics Ltd
June 2010  -  July 2010  (2 months)

Successfully completed the project on “VIRTUAL LAN”
-Got insight into how Virtual network is setup and how it is beneficial over other networks.

Education
Netaji Subhas Institute of Technology
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), infor, 2008 - 2012

Animesh Seth
Greater Seattle Area
Software Engineer II at Microsoft

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

