Ankita Verma
Greater Chicago Area
Marketing Strategist | Innovating through Data Intelligence

Summary
An ardent and creative individual with a blend of experience in IT, sales, marketing and business
 development; I aim to be a Strategic Value Creator in variety of next generation issues through
 analytics.  

Transforming data into actionable insights, I can help assess gaps, understand needs and implement
 effective and innovative business solutions, keeping the big picture in mind while simultaneously
 having a keen eye for details.  Keen interest in understanding consumer behavior through analytics.

Experience
Senior Consultant at Fractal Analytics
September 2017  -  Present  (2 months)

Capstone Researcher at IRI
January 2017  -  August 2017  (8 months)

Executing an advanced analytics project with the Retail R&D team at IRi to analyze customer
 behaviors & shopping patterns in combination with demographic data, predict wallet share of
 US customers for each retailer, and design marketing strategies for each customer segment to
 increase spending.

Lead Telecom Sales Consultant at Apple
May 2015  -  May 2016  (1 year 1 month)

Drove iPhone, Mac, iPad business across 4 states and managed a 45+ member team. Managed
 key accounts of Apple Premium Resellers. Designed dashboards for data analysis, sales
 forecasting and providing analytical insights on sell in and sell out data. Analyzed consumer
 behavior through self-designed models and developed strategy and implemented innovative
 techniques to enhance conversion ratio and customer experience.

Specialities: Sales, Marketing, B2B, B2C, Customer Insights, Consumer Behavior, Channel
 Engagement, Account Management,Team Management, Marketing Mix

Summer Intern at Microsoft
April 2014  -  June 2014  (3 months)

Piloted and scaled the Microsoft Student Partner(MSP) program in India for technical and non-
technical students and successfully landed more than 4000 student ambassadors in the program
 from more than 3000 colleges in India. Handled key initiatives like raising sponsorship, PR,
 communication and digital marketing for Imagine Cup and MSP Program

Specialities: Social Media Marketing, Email Marketing, Campaign Management, Program
 Management

Product Manager at Unlearn Formulae
February 2012  -  May 2013  (1 year 4 months)

• Managed the entire product life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities
• Led design, engineering, execution and go-to-market strategies to drive new product
development on mobile applications
• Designed and implemented offline & online marketing strategy, developed content &
built business for the start-up
• Presented sales pitches & gave product demonstrations to potential clients

Software Engineer at Newgen Software Technologies Ltd.
July 2010  -  January 2012  (1 year 7 months)

-Developed products for Business Process Management (BPM) and Enterprise Content
 Management (ECM), Knowledge Management (KMS)
-Developed web services for digital signing of documents & processes for BPM product
Integrated CRM products like openCRX & Hipergate with Newgen’s existing KMS
-Developed windows service for SWIFT message connector & integrated it DMS product
Single handedly developed the module of Import from PST file for email archival system
-Played a key role in developing a strong client base including international banks and insurance
 companies with repeat orders

Solution Areas : Programming, Product Development, Business Process Management, Product
 Management, Process Improvement, Performance Optimization, ERP, CRM

Technical Skills : Java, J2EE, SQL, Oracle

Trainee at Handheld Solutions & Research Labs [HANDSREL]
May 2009  -  August 2009  (4 months)

Single-handedly designed and developed the website for the company using Liferay portal, Alfresco
 Content Management System and Orbeon forms

Research Associate at Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore
May 2009  -  July 2009  (3 months)

Studied dynamic pricing of hydrocarbons and developed causal loop diagrams, stock and flow
 diagrams and designed the database for differential petrol pricing server using iThink and MySQL

Solution Areas : System Dynamics, Business Process Management, Database Design, Thought
 Leadership

Education
The University of Chicago
Master of Science (M.Sc.), Analytics, 2016 - 2017
Faculty of Management Studies - University of Delhi
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Marketing and Finance, 2013 - 2015
Activities and Societies:  Associate Member - Sports Society Campus Ambassador - Find Your Great
 Work
Harcourt Butler Technological Institute, Kanpur
B.Tech., Information Technology, 2006 - 2010
Activities and Societies:  Mess Secretary - Girls Hostel, Technical Committee - Incord (CS-IT
 Department Fest), Coordinator - Odyssey and Taal (Cultural Fest), Lawn Tennis, Badminton, Chess,
 Dance
Delhi Public School, Aligarh
Senior Secondary, 2005 - 2006
Our Lady of Fatima, Aligarh
Higher Secondary, 1994 - 2006

Ankita Verma
Greater Chicago Area
Marketing Strategist | Innovating through Data Intelligence

8 people have recommended Ankita

"Ankita is highly energetic and professional. I can confirm that she is an excellent team player.
Although we have not worked in same team but I have interacted with her for a couple of production
issues. She is responsive and creative at solving problems. I feel happy to recommend her for any
endeavor she chooses in future."
—Ruhi Hira, Senior Project Manager,  Newgen Software,  worked with Ankita at Newgen Software
Technologies Ltd.

"Ankita comes across as someone who takes complete ownership of task given to her. A team
player to the core willing to go an extra mile to make the difference. Couple of programs that Ankita
drives for her team & channel are excellent representation of last mile customer connect & have set
high benchmark for her successors to live upto "
—Suhail Khan, Manager- Hardware Partnership,  Google,  worked directly with Ankita at Apple

"Ankita is known for her innovative thinking to scale and build new marketing communication
models and excellence in execution . In her stint at Microsoft , built a community marketing model
which was perhaps the biggest student community marketing evangelism network in the world. "
—Venkatesh Sarvasiddhi, Head- Academic Initiatives & Microsoft Innovation Centers,  Microsoft, 
managed Ankita at Microsoft

"I had the opportunity to work with Ankita, while she was part of Newgen Software Technologies,
which she joined from Campus. She was a quick learner and shown an maturity which made
her standout in her group. She quickly gained trust of her fellow team members and seniors and
created a great rapport with in the team. Her excellent attitude is an important part of her character.
She will be an asset to any team or company and I wish all the best for her future. "
—Sarthak Banerjee, Senior Consultant at Bank of America Merrill Lynch,  Capgemini,  managed
Ankita indirectly at Newgen Software Technologies Ltd.

"Her ability to connect & communicate effortlessly and quickly understand the shared purpose,
makes her a great team member. In diverse work environment where collaboration rhymes with
competition, she exhibits high energy & a positive attitude, which is crucial for success in today’s
workplace. I wish Ankita all the best for her future endeavours & hope to see her continue to fold up
her sleeves and be participative & thoughtful as always in and driving results. "
—Raja Basu, Retail Business Consultant,  Self Employed,  managed Ankita indirectly at Apple

"I worked with Ankita in Microsoft in Developer Experience Group. She is an extremely talented
person with special skills in creativity and out of the box thinking. Also, she is a good sense of
business fundamentals on what sells how and when. She is hardworking, self motivated, focused
and result oriented. Her best asset is her logical and researched approach towards problem
solving. She works on technical matters with ease as much as with business situations. An
excellent mix of talents."
—Vivek Goyal, Developer Solutions Architect / Technology Pre-Sales Professional,  Microsoft, 
worked with Ankita at Microsoft

"Ankita is a breed of its kind. She's a blend of creative talents and technological proficiency.
She is not 1 person; she is many. An engineer, a musician, a dancer, a singer, an adventurous
personality, actually I am falling short of words. I know she has a long way to go; to fulfill her big
dreams. Beyond the doubt, she'll be one of the most valuable asset to any company she works for.
All the best for your future Ankita. I know you'll go places."
—Shariq Khan, Manager - Digital Marketing,  ADDA52,  worked with Ankita at Newgen Software
Technologies Ltd.

"Ankita worked on couple of Newgen's products - OmniMail and Contact Center. She is innovative,
detail-oriented, takes ownership of the assigned work and ensures quality deliveries."
—Nitin Tomer, Senior Project Manager,  Newgen,  managed Ankita at Newgen Software
Technologies Ltd.

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

