Ankita Girish Wagh
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer II at Uber

Experience
Software Engineer II at Uber
November 2016  -  Present  (1 year)

Sr. Software Engineer at Symantec
June 2016  -  November 2016  (6 months)

--Extended Cloud Intelligence Service (CIS) for collecting metadata from AWS resources and
 containers

Software Engineer at Symantec
January 2015  -  June 2016  (1 year 6 months)

-- Developed Cloud Intelligence Service (CIS) which acts as a single source of truth of Cloud
 Platform metadata for enabling automation and make optimizations on usage statistics
-- Deployed and maintained the telemetry service (ceilometer) of OpenStack in 4 data centers
-- Developed plugins for ceilometer which shipped logs and metrics from OpenStack to the Logging
 & Monitoring platform for further analysis & created health dashboards for OpenStack Services
-- Enhanced ChatOps tools for increasing efficiency of the SRE team
 

Software Engineer II at Cisco Systems
June 2013  -  January 2015  (1 year 8 months)

• Integrated Cisco Software Manager (CSM) for XR and Nexus routers
• Added new features in Cisco Software Manager like failure handling, off-box recommendation and
 logging
• Automated deployment and configuration of virtual machines on lab servers
• Performed scale testing using 150 virtual machines to verify that CSM can manage the devices
• Added a logging mechanism to Cisco Messaging Interface (CMI)
• Optimized regression of CMI and reduced the run time by 8 hours

Student Worker at Texas A&M University
September 2012  -  May 2013  (9 months)

• Worked on a research project with Cisco Systems, IP Communications Business Unit
• Developed a tool to validate website for managing Cisco IP Phones

Summer Intern at PayPal
May 2012  -  August 2012  (4 months)

• Designed and developed a multi threaded link checking tool to identify stale links
• Devised a means to crawl dynamic links which are currently ignored by open source tools
• Designed and automated tests for admin tool and reduced the regression time by 16 hours

Summer Intern at Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay
May 2010  -  July 2010  (3 months)

• Worked on Implementation of Multimedia Integration tool for e-learning resources on JavaFX
 platform
• Developed software for synchronization of video lectures and lecture slides

Education
Texas A&M University
Masters, Computer Science, 2011 - 2013
Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology
B.Tech, Information Technology, 2007 - 2011
Activities and Societies:  1. Executive Member of “Indian Society of Technical Education”, the
 technical society in India. 2. Executive member of “VISION”, the technical society of NIT-Bhopal
 3.Organized events in “NOESIS 09”, the annual technical fest by VISION
SICA S. S. School Indore
High School Graduate, Mathematics, 1993 - 2007
Activities and Societies:  Head girl in class 12th. Deputy head girl in class11th .

Ankita Girish Wagh
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer II at Uber

7 people have recommended Ankita Girish

"Ankita is a very smart and effective automation engineer who requires little supervision to meet
challenges. Her work is timely and of the highest quality. I would, without reservation, recommend
her for any assignment requiring an automation testing or development”"
—Luke Jiang, Senior Software Engineer,  PayPal,  managed Ankita Girish indirectly at PayPal

"I worked with Ankita on the CSM software development. CSM is a Java Swing application which
interoperates with the Chef server. Ankita has done many UI enhancements as well as Chef server
troubleshooting. Ankita is a hard worker and fast learner. She can easily pick up a task and work
until it is completed. She also was very willing to help me beyond her regular responsibility. I have
no reservation to recommend her in any engineering position."
—Alex Tang, Senior Technical Leader,  Cisco Systems, Inc.,  managed Ankita Girish at Cisco
Systems

"I got a chance to work with Ankita during my time at Symantec. She is a very cheerful person to
work with. She was the lead engineer of the observability and metrics project of Cloud Platform
Engineering team. This project was key to providing the visibility and insights into the Cloud
Platform. Ankita took the lead in identifying and implementing several key metrics that helped us
operate the Cloud Platform at large scale. As one can imagine, instrumenting and collecting the
right metrics for Openstack and cloud platforms are daunting tasks. Ankita did this with lots of
enthusiasm and patience. I would strongly recommend Ankita and wouldn't miss a chance to work
with her again!"
—Lakshminarayanan(LN) Renganarayana, Architect and Director of Engineering, ML Platform and
Search,  Workday,  worked with Ankita Girish at Symantec

"Ankita is an extremely intelligent, well-rounded, experienced and skilled DevOps engineer.
During our short time at Symantec together we have worked closely on several initiatives and
Ankita has never failed to impress us. She is constantly improving, growing, and ensuring that the
best decisions get made. In addition, she encompasses strong coding ability, gives realistic time

estimates, and always delivers on-time. She is a hard working rising star that any organization
would be fortunate to have on their team. It has been an honor and a pleasure to work with Ankita
and I would work with her, for her, or place her on my own team anywhere I am in the future without
hesitation. "
—Jason Riedel, Technical Director Architect/Manager - CPE,  Symantec,  managed Ankita Girish
indirectly at Symantec

"Ankita was a highly motivated, hard-working and very sociable intern at Paypal. She worked
extremely hard on the Admin project and automated test cases at a high pace. She also developed
a broken links program which will be very useful for the company. Ankita is very capable and
I highly recommend her for her work and her dedication. Pierre Morel, Software Contractor at
Paypal, Austin, TX"
—Pierre Morel, SQA Engineer,  Dell,  worked directly with Ankita Girish at PayPal

"Ankita was a Software Engineer on a scrum team that I was the PO (Product Owner) for, CSM
(Cisco Software Manager) (writing code in Java). I was also her direct manager. Ankita is a very
intelligent engineer, able to ramp up on new technologies very quickly. She has a great, positive
attitude, and takes her work very seriously. She came into my team and was immediately thrown
into IPC (interprocess communication) white box testing, where she was very quickly able to
ramp up and be productive (in all areas, on the functional/dev code, the white box test code and
testing, and on the automation). In the CSM project, she was one of two Engineers working in this
scrum, very quickly ramping up on the Java code for CSM. I would very highly recommend her as a
Software Engineer, and am excited to see where her career takes her."
—Chris Kralik, Manager Software Development Engineering,  Cisco,  managed Ankita Girish at
Cisco Systems

"Ankita is an intelligent, hardworking, diligent engineer and has an eye for detail. Due to her quick
grasping abilities she very soon started delivering results when she joined our team as a new
grad. She is very prompt with her work and asks clarifying questions whenever necessary. It was a
pleasure to be her mentor during her first few weeks in our project."
—Archana Vinze, Software Engineering Specialist,  Globalstar,  worked directly with Ankita Girish
at Cisco Systems

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

