Ankit Patel
Greater Seattle Area
Software Developer Engineer at Amazon Cloud Drive

Summary
I have over 4 years of professional experience in cross platform mobile applications and games
 development on iOS, Android and Web platforms. Currently, I am doing Masters of Entertainment
 Technology at the Entertainment Technology Center (ETC), Carnegie Mellon University. I am
 interested in software engineering positions targeted to mobile applications, games and mobile VR.

SKILLS:

LANGUAGES
Java, Swift, C#, C/C++, JavaScript, Python, ActionScript, Ruby, HTML5, MySQL, JSON, XML

FRAEMEWORKS
iOS (UIKit, Sprite Kit), Android, Unity 3D/2D, Oculus Rift, Playstation Move, Microsoft Kinect,
 Cocos2d-JS, Adobe Flash, Starling, Phaser, CreateJS/EaselJS, Ruby on Rails, Django

SOFTWARE ENGINEERING AND DESIGN SKILLS
Cross-platform application development, Mobile games development, VR experience design, Agile
 development, Design patterns, Prototyping, Computer game design, Interactive media design, Test-
driven development, Location based services, Memory management, Mobile payment, Database
 management, REST APIs, Amazon web services

Feel free to email me to connect further.
EMAIL : message.ankitpatel@gmail.com
WEBSITE: www.ankitpatel.ninja

Experience
Software Developer Engineer at Amazon
June 2017  -  Present  (5 months)

I am currently working with Amazon Cloud Drive Mobile team (iOS/Android). Amazon Drive offers
 secure cloud storage for your photos, files, videos, and more to back up to the cloud. Once your
 files are uploaded, you can access them from your computer, your phone, or your tablet, all with
 the Amazon Drive app.

Software Developer Enginner at Amazon
January 2017  -  June 2017  (6 months)

Amazon Flex is the last mile crowdsourced delivery application for the iOS platform. We develop
 the Amazon Flex iOS application used for delivery of Amazon packages by couriers:
* DPs (Delivery Partners) aka CSPs (Crowdsourced Service Providers)
* DAs (Delivery Associates) aka DSPs (Deliver Service Providers)

I am working with the iOS Mobile team and the team goal is to provide the best possible experience
 around package delivery for couriers while providing an efficient, on-time, and reliable delivery
 service to end customers.

Software Development Engineer at Amazon
May 2016  -  August 2016  (4 months)

Developed paired geo fence mechanism and proximity detection of two or more mobile devices to
 ensure delivery confirmation and detect electronic handshake between (mobile phones, bluetooth
 beacons, dash buttons etc.) using GPS, BLE, Wifi signal data from devices.

Senior Software Engineer at Playpower LLC
May 2012  -  May 2016  (4 years 1 month)

Playpower Labs, a Carnegie Mellon educational research initiative. Since 2012, I've worked as
 a Lead Game Developer at Playpower. Most of my time at Playpower has been spent creating
 games for building core math skills that provide a foundation for success in Science, Technology,
 Engineering and Math (STEM). I have worked extensively on dozens of games on multiple
 platforms over 4 years. I don't just believe that fun aids learning—i believe learning is fun.

Software Engineer at Techstars/Kaplan EdTech Accelerator
June 2013  -  September 2013  (4 months)

• Formalized licensable interactive math learning modules covering over 120 common core
 standards
• Built cognitive skills assessment games based on developmental psychology

Mobile Application Developer at Kuliza Technologies
2012  -  May 2012  (less than a year)

Implemented a mobile (iOS and Android) application for a distance learning platform connecting
 professors and students from different universities across the globe.

Teaching Assistant at DAIICT
July 2011  -  December 2011  (6 months)

Teaching Assistant for Introduction To C Programming Language under Prof. Prasenjit Majumder
 (Autumn Semester 2011, for the first yearites)

Research Intern at Playpower Foundation

May 2010  -  August 2010  (4 months)

Created innovative educational games using 6502 assembly for NES based on indian mythology
 of hanuman with a team in India (and an international open source community) on a MacArthur
 Foundation funded project for underprivileged kids around the world

Rural Intern at Deepak Foundation
November 2009  -  December 2009  (2 months)

Designed data collection formats for different types of crops, collected data of different crops
 production and analyzed the data, at the residential Vocational Training Centre, Kawant (a tribal
 block in Gujarat). On the basis of report findings Deepak Foundation received funds under Kawant
 Livelihood Programme from the Government of Gujarat for implementation of project.

Education
Carnegie Mellon University
Master’s Degree, Computer Science, Entertainment Technology, 2015 - 2017
Activities and Societies:  The Games4Health Challenge 2016, Run With Us fitness game with United
 States of America Track & Field Foundation (USATFF)
DAIICT
Bachelor of Technology (BTech), Computer Science, 2008 - 2012
Activities and Societies:  Coordinator of ‘Catechize’ computer networking event, Teaching Assistant in
 Introduction to C Programming course, Research Intern, Playpower Foundation.

Ankit Patel
Greater Seattle Area
Software Developer Engineer at Amazon Cloud Drive

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

