Anuja verma
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Development Engineer at Amazon

Summary
I am an enthusiastic Software engineer with enriched experience in software development field. I
 have worked on several projects and various interns using a number of edge-cutting of technologies.

I am also excellent at leading a team, with high team spirit and exemplary analytical and
 communication skills.

Specialties: 
All phases of Software development: Requirement analysis, System design, Implementation,
 maintenance, further enhancements 
Algorithm development

Experience
Software Development Engineer II at Amazon Lab126
September 2015  -  Present  (2 years 2 months)

Software Development Engineer at Amazon
June 2012  -  August 2015  (3 years 3 months)

Worked on a highly scalable, highly available, distributed compliance system in e-Commerce and e-
Payments space as part of Transaction and Risk Management Team

Currently developing highly scalable Storage systems as part of Tiered Storage system team.

Student Contract Developer at Google Summer of Code 2012
May 2012  -  August 2012  (4 months)

The project's aim was to redesign the AChecker interface from scratch. The new design was much
 more user-appealing, providing dynamic access to the various functionalities of the AChecker.
The new interface was also compliant with W3C WAI ARIA specification which guaranteed system
 accessibility.
It was developed using PHP and AJAX technologies with JQuery and XML.
Details given at https://sites.google.com/site/anujaverma91/

Software Developer Intern at Royal Bank of Scotland
June 2011  -  July 2011  (2 months)

• Acquired knowledge about the basics of investment banking, with hands on experience on GWT,
 development of project using SVN and unit testing using Junit.
• Redesigned the structure of one of their applications to make it client friendly and developed its
 GUI using Google Web Tool Kit.
• Scrutinized and implemented SONAR, the software testing tool and developed its user manual to
 enable the team to implement SONAR on all ongoing and future projects.

Summer Intern at Defence Research and Development Organisation
June 2010  -  July 2010  (2 months)

• Worked as programmer in the team of Low-Cost Airborne Surveillance System.
• Analysed an algorithm which can detect moving vehicles in a video and implemented it using
 Simulink.
• Assisted the team in the fabrication of the system. 
• The project has been submitted for a patent under my mentor’s name. 
Sumit Goswami ( Scientist D, Dte of MIST, sumit@hqr.drdo.in )

Web Developer Intern at Design and Web Development Team , DTU
June 2009  -  June 2010  (1 year 1 month)

Design and Web Development Team (DWD) of Delhi Technological University (formerly Delhi
 college of Engineering ) is a university level team that develops and manages the official websites
 of the university.

As a part of the team I studied the basic and advance topics related to web development and
 several web services. Some of them are: HTML, AJAX, CSS, and PHP. I also implemented them in
 the development of DTU websites.

Education
Delhi College of Engineering
B.E., computers science, 2008 - 2012
Activities and Societies:  Event management, web development, programming

Anuja verma
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Development Engineer at Amazon

4 people have recommended Anuja

"I’ve worked with Anuja for the GSoC 2012, co-mentoring her project. She did a very good job
working for the whole period in a very productive and constructive way. During the project, she was
very committed and shown to be high skilled both in designing and coding the software application.
Specifically, she shown to be able to manage large applications written in PHP both adding new
functionalities and improving the software interface (having care of its accessibility). She was
accurate in scheduling the tasks and rigorous in respecting all the deadlines. She was also very
good in communication skills: she worked with other people and positively contributed to team
work. I think she is very well-qualified."
—Paola Salomoni, Vice Rector to Digital Technologies,  Università di Bologna,  was with another
company when working with Anuja at Google Summer of Code 2012

"I have worked with Anuja as a teammate in Design and Web Development Team, Computer
Society of India and IBL SmartClass project. She is extremely passionate about her work. She is
always ready to lend a helping hand. I definitely recommend Anuja as competent engineer and
team player."
—Gaurav Aggarwal, Software Engineer,  Google,  worked directly with Anuja at Design and Web
Development Team , DTU

"I’ve been Anuja’s mentor for the GSoC 2012 project. Working with her has been an honor and
a pleasure. She is always prompt, precise and constructive, she proposes very good solutions
to problems. She has always followed mentor’s suggestions, but she also enriched suggestions
with her ideas. She has worked in a very independent way, in according with her mentor. She
has collaborated with another GSoC student, to merge their projects, showing good skills also in
working with other people. The code she developed was very well designed and written. During the
whole project, she has shown different and high skills (in learning new issues and technologies,
coding, designing interfaces, testing phases, communicating, etc). She is very qualified and I’ll be
glad to work with her gain."
—Silvia Mirri, Assistant professor,  Università di Bologna,  was with another company when working
with Anuja at Google Summer of Code 2012

"Worked with Anuja during gsoc . Good programmer and team player. Awesome UI developer ."
—Anirudh Subramanian, Software Development Engineer,  Amazon,  worked directly with Anuja at
Google Summer of Code 2012

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

