Ariel Stolerman
San Francisco Bay Area
Senior Software Engineer & Technical Lead at Uber

Summary
I am a software engineer and technical lead in the Detection Platform team (Security Engineering) at
 Uber in Palo Alto, CA; I also hold a PhD in Computer Science from Drexel University in Philadelphia,
 PA, where I was part of the Privacy, Security and Automation Lab (PSAL).
Please visit http://stolerman.net/ for a full list of publications and CV.

Experience
Senior Software Engineer & Technical Lead at Uber
February 2017  -  Present  (9 months)

Threat Detection Platform team, Security Engineering: working on Uber's next high scale
 infrastructure for log collection, contextualization, and intrusion/abuse detection and alerting.

Software Engineer at Uber
February 2016  -  February 2017  (1 year 1 month)

Privacy Team, Security Engineering

Software Engineer at Google
December 2014  -  January 2016  (1 year 2 months)

Search Infrastructure team

Senior Applications Engineer at Oracle
October 2013  -  October 2014  (1 year 1 month)

Application Platform team, Primavera Global Business Unit

Lead Software Engineer at Hermes Consulting Solutions LLC
September 2012  -  September 2013  (1 year 1 month)

Development of a Java application for a real-time radiation beam allocation decision.

Research Assistant at PSAL at Drexel University
September 2011  -  September 2013  (2 years 1 month)

Research Assistant at the Privacy, Security and Automation Lab at the Computer Science
 Department.

Project Software Developer (Internship) at The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania
October 2011  -  February 2012  (5 months)

Development of a system framework for communication network graphs analysis.

Product Validation Engineer at Cadence Design Systems
April 2009  -  August 2011  (2 years 5 months)

Planning and developing verification environments and interfacing virtual electronic systems for
 testing purposes.

Visual Intelligence Team Leader at Israel Defense Forces
April 2005  -  February 2007  (1 year 11 months)

Visual Intelligence team leader in a special-forces unit in IDF.
Work description:
• Managing a team of 3 NCOs.
• Leading intell. operations.
• Consulting high-command positions
• Building and characterizing the technological basis to support the intell. work.

Education
Drexel University
PhD, Computer Science, 2011 - 2015
Activities and Societies:  Upsilon Pi Epsilon
Drexel University
M.S., Computer Science, 2011 - 2013
Activities and Societies:  Upsilon Pi Epsilon
Tel Aviv University
B.Sc., Computer Science, 2007 - 2010

Ariel Stolerman
San Francisco Bay Area
Senior Software Engineer & Technical Lead at Uber

6 people have recommended Ariel

"Ariel worked for our company on a year-long consulting project focused on designing a decision
support system for managing patient treatment capacity at a large hospital. Over the entire
period of Ariel’s work on this project he consistently exceeded my expectations, demonstrating
an outstanding combination of intellectual strength and the ability to work hard on any task
until it is finished. The project required a lot of Java programming and database expertise,
and Ariel invariably took an active designer position, carefully analyzing the decision support
algorithms, designing and implementing numerous verification tests. One of his most impressive
accomplishments was the design and implementation of a solution to a very challenging task of
codifying, storing and integrating real-time data. In accomplishing this task, Ariel has demonstrated
true intellectual leadership. While clearly an expert on a number of things in the computer science
domain, Ariel is also an ideal “generalist”, with an impressive ability to quickly learn and effectively
use new business analytics tools. I could not hope for a better person to lead this project."
—Sergei Savin, Associate Professor of Operations and Information Management,  The Wharton
School,  was Ariel's client

"Ariel is one of the finest developers I had the privilege to work with. He is very creative and can
always be relied upon to do the job well. During his tenure, he went on to work on several ground
breaking, crucial features for our product in such a short time. Ariel is a very skillful and dedicated
developer that sure will be an asset to any organization he is part of. I wish him all the very best in
his future endeavors."
—Rengarajan Ramasamy, Software Development Director,  Oracle,  managed Ariel at Oracle

"I worked with Ariel for about a year during which he did a great job in his role. He quickly ramped
up and completely owned a project of high complexity that required heavy collaboration with
dozen other engineers on getting it right and deploying it. When faced with technical challenges
and ambiguities, Ariel took the time to research possible options and pick the right one. It was a
pleasure working with Ariel and I wish him best for his future roles."
—Amir Fayazi, Software Engineer,  Google,  worked directly with Ariel at Google

"I worked closely with Ariel on several projects at Uber. His ability to understand and improve on
complex software designs is fantastic. On our initial project, he added an additional layer of security
to a tokenization service in golang, a language he hasn't used before. He jumped right in, made the
necessary changes and coded unit tests extremely quickly. He then took the design documents for
Uber's account deletion service, significantly enhanced them in several ways, then implemented
it fully, using several technologies he picked up along the way -- grafana, kafka, nagios and a few
others. He quickly learned these new systems and adopting them into his workflow. On top of
that, Ariel has a fantastic personality. He communicates well with key players and has, on a few
occasions, given me great advice on how to best handle people issues. I would highly recommend
Ariel to anyone who needs a software architect."
—Ron Kuris, Security Research and Development - Software Engineer,  Uber,  worked directly with
Ariel at Uber

"I had the pleasure of having Ariel as a key member of my software development team. Ariel is
an extremely bright and talented software engineer with extensive knowledge and an admirable
ability and passion to learn new technologies. He calmly and relentlessly led the team to tackle any
challenge I imposed and was usually the "go to guy" whenever we hit an obstacle. He is also the
kind of person that although being a "star" allows other team members to learn and flourish around
him and contributes to the cohesiveness of the team. I would have Ariel on my team again in a
heart beat."
—Amir Kesten, Director - Patient Technologies @ Teva Global Specialty Medicine,  Teva
Pharmaceuticals,  managed Ariel at Oracle

"I worked with Ariel in the Search Infrastructure team at Google for a little more than year. He was
part of my team working on Knowledge Engine infrastructure. Within a short period of time, Ariel
demonstrated strong technical skills, good communication and a strong work ethic. He ramped
up on the relevant technologies pretty quickly and produced high quality technical work. Some of
the projects he worked on were of high technical complexity. Ariel worked independently, stayed
focused as he solved some hard problems, and followed through by making sure his solutions were
adopted and properly used. While doing so, he also ensured that his solutions had clean and robust
design. Ariel was somebody I could rely on - if he was given a project, I could be confident that it
would get done, and done right. Overall, it was a pleasure working with Ariel, and I hope to work
with him again in the future."
—Anket Mathur, Product Manager,  Google,  managed Ariel at Google

Profile Notes and Activity (1)

10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

