Ashish Singh
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Cisco

Summary
Ambitious, self-motivated individual with a strong attention to detail. Over 5 years of extensive
 software development experience with proficiency in C++/C/JAVA along with understanding of
 mobile platform architecture. 

My passion is designing and developing software. I have strong background in backend technologies
 and am constantly inching towards becoming a full-stack engineer by exploring newer technologies. 

In my free time, I enjoy participating in problem solving and programming hackathons (CodeFights,
 LeetCode, HackerRank, etc.).

Specialities: 
Data Structures, Telemetry Tools, System Programming, Application Programming, Performance
 Analysis, Computer Networks.

Programming Languages: 
C++ (Expert), C (Proficient), Python(Proficient), JAVA(Proficient), PHP(Familiar).

Experience
Software Engineer at Cisco
February 2016  -  Present  (1 year 9 months)

• Designed and developed whitelist based control plane policing on Nexus9K ACI TORs and spine
 switches to prevent DDOS attack.
• Implemented access list control(ACL) processing of First Hop Security on Nexus9K ACI switches
 to enable a better IPv4 and IPv6 link security and management over the layer2 links.
• Implemented statistics support for PFC and ACLs.

Software Engineering Intern at Jasmine Universe
June 2015  -  August 2015  (3 months)

• Developed headless device prototype using Windows CE 6.0 emulator. 
•  Created DLL for prediction of energy usage which facilitates Jasmine to provide its users with
 intelligent recommendations, threshold warnings, and day-to-day operating cost of the energy
 consumption.

Software Engineer at Intel Corporation
August 2011  -  July 2014  (3 years)

• Developed the Power and Performance (PnP) telemetry tool for Penwell and Cloverview based
 platforms.
• Analyzed and optimized the power and performance of CPU, Memory, hardware accelerators, and
 peripheral devices on Intel atom based platforms.
• Participated as a member of the team that developed system-on-chip telemetry tool, SoC Watch.
 Tool proved to be vital in optimizing performance hotspots on Tangier and Valleyview based
 platforms.
• Developed synthetic benchmarks and test cases to validate software.
• Collaborated with Intel Customer Technology Solutions team to facilitate technical support to
 corporate clients.

Education
Stony Brook University
Master's Degree, Computer Science, 2014 - 2015
National Institute of Technology Warangal
Bachelor of Technology, Computer Science and Engineering, 2007 - 2011
Activities and Societies:  Sports
JNV Mirzapur
High School, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry
Activities and Societies:  Sports (Kho-Kho, Cricket), Debate Team, Science Team

Ashish Singh
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Cisco

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

