Bhavya Arora
Greater Seattle Area
Software Developer, working to build something meaningful.

Summary
➥ Working with JEE Spring MVC, Hibernate using Spring Boot, IntelliJ IDE.

➥Working with Microsoft IIS, ASP Dot NET, Visual Studio.

➥ Having experience in  Web Technologies, Cloud Computing, Distributed Systems and Mobile
 Application Development.

➥ Technical Skills:

✦ Programming Languages : Java, Python, SQL, Android, NodeJS, ReactJS, C, OpenCL, C++, C#,
 JavaScript, ExpressJS, SocketIO, OpenACC, MPI, etc
✦ Distributed Computing/ Cloud: OpenStack, SDN, Network Programming, Distributed Systems.
✦ Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, Spring MVC, JSP, JQuery, ReactJS, AngularJS.

➥ Worked at Expedia Inc., Intel, and as an Entrepreneur! Worked as a Graduate Research Associate
 at the ACCAD(OSU) and CON(OSU).

➥ My current work is in Web Development. My previous work includes Development for Mobile,
 Computer Graphics, and Cloud. 

Experience
Software Deeveloper at Expedia, Inc.
February 2017  -  Present  (9 months)

Working with Spring Boot, JPA, OAuth2,  AMQ with JMS as the client, IDE: IntelliJ. Deployment
 with Jenkins.
As part of my Job, I am also required to work on Microsoft IIS and C++.

Graduate Teaching Associate at The Ohio State University
August 2016  -  December 2016  (5 months)

♦ Teaching the class CSE2111: Modeling and Problem Solving with Spreadsheets and Databases.

♦ Responsible for conducting lab sessions, grading and tutoring for a class of 80 students.

♦ Responsible for conducting class sessions of 160 students.

Graduate Technical Intern at Intel Corporation
May 2016  -  July 2016  (3 months)

♦Worked with teams in three Different countries and time zones. Successfully delivered the product
 for the team.

♦Developed Openstack, for Openstack to be compatible with Intel Stack for a product of Intel
 research. 

♦Defined and implemented the networking and architecture of the desired system.

♦Developed a solution for cloud Hyper-converged Infrastructure.

♦ Also worked with the Front end of customised and rebranded Intel Cloud for the team.

♦Worked to define future road map.

Research Associate at Advanced Computer Center for Arts and Design, The Ohio State University.
January 2016  -  May 2016  (5 months)

♦Develop software for graphically advanced applications including animation, visualization, games,
 interfaces, and video and data manipulation tools and scripts,

♦Develop software for Android and iOS mobile devices and BLE Beacons,

♦3D, Virtual Reality, and Augmented Reality software development,

♦Content database software creation and access interfaces, designers with mobile web
 development programming

Software Engineer at Freelance
May 2015  -  August 2015  (4 months)

♦ Mobile Application Development for in-house businesses and small scale retailers.

♦Developed a network of small scale Developers.

♦Social Network integeration.

♦Advanced Usage of Maps and Api's.

Research Associate at The Ohio State University College of Nursing
April 2015  -  May 2015  (2 months)

♦ Web Site Development

♦ Automated data parsing into correct format. Change of format of data.

♦ Smooth functioning and automation of processes. 

Trainee at HP Education Servcies
May 2012  -  August 2012  (4 months)

♦ Developed a Web Application using Struts Framework(JSP and Servlets).

♦ Developed a social network site.

♦ Integrations of Images and Text.

♦ Used SQL for Backend.

Education
The Ohio State University
Master's Degree, Computer Science, 2015 - 2016
Kumaun Engineering College
Bachelor's Degree, Computer Science, 2009 - 2013

Bhavya Arora
Greater Seattle Area
Software Developer, working to build something meaningful.

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

