Brandon Robinson
Austin, Texas Area
Software Engineer @ CDK Global

Summary
“If people were super-optimistic about technology there would be no reason to be pessimistic about
 the future.” ― Peter Thief

I have always considered myself to be very optimistic about the future. As we all know, technology is
 at the heart of what will propel our society into the stratosphere. For the last 6 years, I have focused
 on accumulating as much knowledge I can about these very subjects: technology and innovation.
 As a future professional, I plan to work alongside a results driven team that develops services and
 products that outperform the competition. I bring a unique balance of knowledge and communication;
 I believe that all great things are created by great teams. I consider myself as a leader and my
 colleagues would consider me as being a calculated risk taker. If there’s one thing I have learned
 over the last 6 years, it would be to not let the little things distract you from what is important. 

Academically, I learned Java and C as they were the main languages taught at USF. To broaden my
 portfolio, I expanded my knowledge by learning web technologies such as the MEAN stack which I
 later applied in hackathons and personal projects. Long term I see myself developing software for the
 logistics industry as I would take great pride in innovating new methods for people and computers to
 be more efficient.

https://about.me/brobinsonone

Experience
Software Engineer at CDK Global
February 2017  -  Present  (9 months)

Working on CDK's Client Delivery Team to customize software applications specific to our client's
 needs utilizing the latest technology stacks and frameworks. 

API & Appstore Security Intern at Autodesk
May 2016  -  September 2016  (5 months)

- Analyzed post-production REST API’s within a staged environment to discover any security
 vulnerabilities. 
- Wrote SQL injection queries, cross site scripting code, etc. and injected them within the different
 project parameters to exploit security flaws.

- Developed engineering solutions with individual development teams to resolve issues.

Software Engineering Co-op at Ten-X
January 2016  -  May 2016  (5 months)

- Co-created a web application that allowed Ten-X employees to create Solr queries to index the
 company's database of real estate properties. 
- Backend development utilizing Express.js, a MongoDB instance, Ten-X's MySQL database, and
 Solstice. 
- Successful in allowing users to create, remove, update, and delete queries. 
- Successful in rendering properties using the Google Maps API, Bootstrap, and distinctive
 AngularJS modules. 

Technician at Apple
January 2013  -  May 2016  (3 years 5 months)

- Diagnose and troubleshoot user's equipment to either repair or replace Apple products.
- Worked alongside a large team that promoted a feedback culture.
- Felt empowered to take risks, innovate new ideas, and be a leader for my peers.

Education
University of San Francisco
Bachelor’s Degree, Computer Science, 2012 - 2016
Activities and Societies:  St. Anthony's Technology Lab - Volunteer
University of California, Santa Cruz
Summer course, Computer Science, 2013 - 2013

Brandon Robinson
Austin, Texas Area
Software Engineer @ CDK Global

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

