Brendan Shanny
Santa Barbara, California Area
Currently Seeking Software Engineering Opportunities

Summary
Highly motivated Software Engineer with two years of experience developing object oriented Python
 programs to interact with and control laboratory machines, creating javascript user interfaces, and
 automating data analysis. Extremely eager to learn new languages and techniques with a strong
 ability to take on new projects with minimal supervision.  

Experience
Software Engineer at Harvard Medical School
January 2016  -  June 2017  (1 year 6 months)

This position consists of python scripting and writing novel programs to interact with and automate
 machine processes that deal with brain tissue acquisition and electron microscope image
 generation.

Research Assistant at Harvard Medical School
July 2015  -  January 2016  (7 months)

This internship consisted mostly of analyzing and tracing out neurons in a database of EM imaged
 larval zebrafish brains. Other tasks for this internship included nucleus identification and some
 python scripting.

Assistant Aquarist Coop at New England Aquarium
January 2014  -  June 2014  (6 months)

Worked as an Assistant Aquarist in the Penguin Husbandry department at the New England
 Aquarium. This was a coop offered by the Aquarium and Northeastern University. During this
 6 month position I assisted the NEAq staff and volunteers to feed the penguins and maintain
 the cleanliness of the exhibit and the penguin office. This job required solid time management
 and volunteer management skills. This job also required animal handling skills as well as public
 speaking skills. There are two 20 minute presentations performed by the penguin staff every day
 which not only necessitates good public speaking skills.

Intern at TripAdvisor
July 2007  -  August 2009  (2 years 2 months)

Education
Northeastern University

Environmental Science with concentration in Marine Science, 2012 - 2016

Brendan Shanny
Santa Barbara, California Area
Currently Seeking Software Engineering Opportunities

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

