Chase Ziwen Cao
San Francisco Bay Area
Dynamic, Detail-Oriented, Bilingual Software Engineer

Summary
Dynamic, detail-oriented, bilingual Software Engineer with experience in requirements gathering,
 design and development of applications to support business development initiatives. Analytical
 Engineer with a proven track record of excelling at learning new technologies and successfully
 applying them to develop clean and well-structured code. Experienced at working on projects from
 initial idea and development phase (vision/analysis), performing all design/architecture work and
 delivering the completed product. Outstanding presentation and communication skills, and works
 exceptionally well within a team environment and individually. Exceptional academic qualifications,
 including a Master of Science degree in Computer Science from the University of Southern California
 (2015).          
☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲
Selected highlights of my career would be:

☃ Collaborated with colleagues and built Internal Platform to support various type of life and disability
 insurance which enables the service of 100,000+customers, increasing millions revenue for Zenefits
☃ Utilized extensive software engineering skills to design and implement a new overview page for the
 Life and Disability Insurance team, with more than 100,000 customer-employees using the tool to
 manage their insurance.
☃ Designed and implemented insurance plan loading tools for the operation team, which reduced
 errors by 60% to 10% and the time for loading a plan from 33 minutes to 10 minutes. 
☃ Employed strong programming skills to create a web-based log analysis automation tool at Amazon
 Web Services.
☃ Deployed tool to production stage, with the project completed on time and under budget to exceed
 expectations.

I look forward to meeting you!  You can reach me at ✉ caoziwen[at]live.com.
☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲☲

Experience
Software Engineer at Airbnb
April 2017  -  Present  (7 months)

People don’t take trips – trips take people.

I am currently working on Airbnb's service-oriented architecture (SOA) infrastructure, building
 internal shared services.

Full Stack Software Engineer at Zenefits
February 2016  -  April 2017  (1 year 3 months)

☃ Collaborate with colleagues and build Internal Platform to support various type of life and
 disability insurance which enables the service of 100,000+customers, increasing millions revenue
 for Zenefits
☃ Utilize extensive software engineering skills to design and implement a new overview page for
 the Life and Disability Insurance team, with more than 100,000 customer-employees using the tool
 to manage their insurance.
☃ Design and implement insurance plan loading tools for the operation team, which reduced errors
 by 60% to 10% and the time for loading a plan from 33 minutes to 10 minutes. 
☃ Design and Implement Evidence of Insurability(EOI) process flow that enables customers to
 submit their EOI forms to Zenefits and Insurance Carrier electronically instead of faxing or mailing
 paperwork saving on operational overhead.
☃ Communicate with Guardian, Humana and Aetna to  build a Data Injection Tool that retrieves
 the Insurance data from Carriers electronically which reduces the service cost and errors for the
 company
☃ Build internal Life and Disability Insurance Quoting Tools which enables the Account Manager
 and Benefits Advisor to choose the best and most suitable insurance Tool for customer from
 stocked insurance plans
☃ Effectively utilize front-end development with client-side validation, middle-tier development and
 back-end management.

Software Development Engineer Intern, Amazon Elastic MapReduce (EMR) at Amazon Web Services
June 2015  -  August 2015  (3 months)

☃ Employed exceptional programming skills to complete a web-based log analysis automation tool.
☃ Deployed the tool to the production stage, with the project completed on time and under budget
 to exceed expectations.
☃ Supported programming changes during quality assurance, user acceptance testing and post
 implementation. 

Research And Teaching Assistant at Central South University
2010  -  2014  (4 years)

☃ Promoted to positions of increasing authority and responsibility because of strong leadership
 skills  and overall performance. 
☃ Implemented and compared multiple state-of-the-art visual saliency models, formulating a fresh,
 frequency-based model.

☃ Played a key role in calculating experiment data, and compared and evaluated results of visual
 saliency models.
☃ Taught advanced data structures and algorithms during holidays and weekends to enhance
 student skill levels.
☃ Served as the chief organizer, judge and problem developer for the collegiate programming
 contest.

Education
University of Southern California
Master of Science (M.S.), Computer Science, 2014 - 2016
Activities and Societies:  ACM/ICPC Team
Central South University
Bachelor of Engineering (B.Eng.), Computer Science, 2010 - 2014
Activities and Societies:  ACM/ICPC team

Chase Ziwen Cao
San Francisco Bay Area
Dynamic, Detail-Oriented, Bilingual Software Engineer

1 person has recommended Chase Ziwen

"Ziwen(Chase) is very focused. He learned fast and worked hard during his internship in Amazon
AWS team. He is good at communication with other to collect the requirements for his design and
the suggestions to refine his work quickly. He delivered an amazing analyze tools to improve the
efficiency of cluster troubleshooting considerably. "
—Zhiwei Yu, Senior Software Engineer,  Microsoft,  managed Chase Ziwen indirectly at Amazon
Web Services

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

