CJ Sorensen
Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
Software Engineer at Best Buy

Summary
Software Engineer at Best Buy working on search for BestBuy.com

Experience
Software Engineer at Best Buy
December 2016  -  Present  (11 months)

Java Apprentice at The Software Guild
September 2016  -  December 2016  (4 months)

Store Inventory

Designed and developed an object-oriented, tiered application that tracked store inventory using
 Java 8 features including lambdas and streams.  Each part of the inventory system was unit tested
 using Junit in Netbeans.  The final program allowed users to add items to the store inventory while
 calculating totals and products that needed restocking.

Flooring Application

Designed and implemented an application for ordering flooring from a multi-state company. 
 Worked closely with team member to integrate codebase using Agile Development.  Tracked
 features and development using Git version control. Users were able to create, track, and adjust
 orders through our application which used Java best practices including encapsulation and
 dependency injection. All code was comprehensively tested, first through Unit Testing and later
 through Integration Testing.

Spring MVC Media Library Web Application

Built a robust Spring MVC web application using Java, Apache Tomcat, Maven and Spring that
 allowed users to manage their media library.  The web application front-end used Google’s
 Material Design Lite framework to create a friendly UI that focused on beautiful and meaningful
 interactions for the user.  The application integrated with a MySQL database on the backend and
 used Spring and Java Annotations  to handle Dependency Injection, Validation, and Database
 management. 

Capstone Web Application

Worked in a small team using agile development to create a fully featured blogging platform.  The
 project incorporated client-side technologies such as Bootstrap, Jquery, and HTML5 as well as
 solid back-end architecture using Java, Spring, Tomcat, and MySQL.

Language Arts Teacher at Eastview High School
2014  -  2016  (2 years)

American Literature (11th Grade)

Instructed 200 students every school year in a survey course focused on core language arts areas
 and on contemporary authors as well as more traditional texts.

Web Developer at Freelance
2013  -  2016  (3 years)

Designed and developed custom Wordpress Themes using CSS, HTML, and PHP.   Provided
 hosting, network management, and domain transfer to clients. Analyzed and optimized search
 engine ranking for several websites for Twin Cities businesses.

CrossfitTemplar.com | DreamSteamMN.com | AdviceYouAlreadyKnow.com

Expert use of Adobe Creative Suite including Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign to craft and
 deploy stunning visual assets.  

Language Arts Teacher at White Bear Lake High School
1997  -  2013  (16 years)

Modern Literature: Media and Film (12th Grade):
A standards based course that focuses on media literacy and applying analysis skills to film and
 media as texts.

AP Literature and Composition and AP Language and Composition:
Taught advanced level literature course based on the rigorous and demanding AP curriculum.
 Focused on students reading both broadly and deeply, and writing analytically complex essays.

Education
University of Minnesota-Twin Cities
Master's degree, Learning Technologies - Design and Development, 2009 - 2013
University of Wisconsin-Madison
BS, Education--Secondary English, 1993 - 1997

CJ Sorensen
Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
Software Engineer at Best Buy

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

