Cong Qiao
Greater New York City Area
Full-Stack FinTech Developer and Magician at Two Sigma, Ph.D. in Computational Physics,
Quantitative Technologist

Summary
Full stack development
JavaScript (ES6-8), React, Redux, GraphQL, Meteor, Next.js
Node, Python, Java
Parallel computing, MPI
Mathematical modeling, Wolfram
Molecular dynamics, HOOMD, LAMMPS
Monte Carlo method
Quantum mechanics
Card tricks

Experience
Software Engineer at Two Sigma
August 2016  -  Present  (1 year 3 months)

I am one of the early adopters of React at Two Sigma. I enjoy building the backend and frontend
 of web apps all by myself. I led the development of the company's first mobile app, using React
 Native. I contributed to building the internal analytics platform, through solving difficult statistical
 problems.

I gave a talk to the company to promote JavaScript and functional programming, which received
 overwhelmingly positive feedback.

Research Assistant at Brandeis University
May 2011  -  August 2016  (5 years 4 months)

Software Engineering Intern at Airbnb
June 2015  -  August 2015  (3 months)

I am one of the early adopters of React at Airbnb. Under the guidance of my intern manager, I
 rebuilt part of Airbnb.com using React, and the corresponding backend using Ruby on Rails.

As React wasn't quite hyped at that time, resources were relatively scarce, and I was mostly on my
 own figuring out the best approach and architecture of building Airbnb.com using React. Through

 careful consideration and hard work experimenting, I succeeded in not only building the product,
 but also in a way such that the code was of highest quality and maintainability.

More importantly, I documented my research and findings, which influenced and helped the
 frontend development of Airbnb after my internship completed.

Teaching Fellow at Brandeis University
September 2010  -  May 2012  (1 year 9 months)

Undergraduate Research Assistant at Chinese Academy of Sciences
June 2009  -  May 2010  (1 year)

Education
Brandeis University
Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.), Physics, 2010 - 2016
University of Science and Technology of China
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Physics, 2006 - 2010

Cong Qiao
Greater New York City Area
Full-Stack FinTech Developer and Magician at Two Sigma, Ph.D. in Computational Physics,
Quantitative Technologist

3 people have recommended Cong

"Cong has an aptitude for adapting to new situations. He is proactive in seeking out solutions to
problems, and ensures that he has a complete understanding of the solution, rather than merely
parroting back answers. He is very detail oriented and thinks through all sides of a problem before
settling on a solution."
—Kevin Sun, Software Engineer,  Airbnb,  managed Cong at Airbnb

"Cong was an expert on the frontend stack, especially react.js. It was a great experience to work
with Cong on our yearly hackathon event. He built a couple beautiful pages single-handedly within
just two days. Overall, I was deeply impressed by his determination and ability to learn new things. "
—Ye Wang, Software Engineer,  Airbnb,  managed Cong indirectly at Airbnb

"I’ve had the privilege of working with Cong for 3 months. Cong has made impressive contribution
to Airbnb payment team. He helped redesign Airbnb payout page using Reactjs. He is very strong
in algorithm design and can learn new things very fast. He comes from physics background but he
became an expert in Reactjs in a very short time. He works very hard and is self motivated."
—Tao Cui,  worked directly with Cong at Airbnb

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

