Deepak Aakula
Greater Philadelphia Area
Graduate Research Assistant at the Penn State University

Summary
Graduate Research Assistant in Online Mgmt. System for Education program.

Currently developing an automated facial emotion expression detector web application. This
 application utilizes the camera as a sensor to capture emotions and synchronize with the content the
 users is reading in their screen.

Experience
Graduate Research Assistant at Penn State University
September 2017  -  Present  (2 months)

Graduate Research Assistant in  Online Mgmt. System for Education

Internet of Things

Currently developing an automated facial emotion expression detector web application. This
 application utilizes the camera as a sensor to capture emotions and synchronize with the content
 the users is reading in their screen.

Software Dev Engineer at Dell
May 2013  -  Present  (4 years 6 months)

Managing the production environment of Dell.com web site and overall health and availability of
 production systems.

Conduct a comprehensive review on Dell.com stability and responsible for driving proactive actions
 to improve availability of the Dell.com

Handling over 20 class one applications in the production environment. 

Managing changes to the production after an review of the Change requests, analyzing customer
 impact and business benefits.

Troubleshooting and fixing the production incidents and defects, and also performing RCA using
 applications and tools like Riverbed, TTW, Gomez, Tealeaf, SqauredUP which helps team to
 investigate and root cause issues faster.

Analyst at Serco
September 2012  -  April 2013  (8 months)

The project I was deployed is GT Mapping. My duties are - Google indigenous tool “ATLAS” as a
 platform, I will be assigned a patch of map on earth, where I will have to perform auto checks which
 are generated by automated maps algorithm, based on the rendering maps restrictions. Also, 
 streamlining the existing data with respect to bike paths, alignment, slip roads, clusters and splits. I
 had a keen awareness of the expected outputs and deliverable s from a customer-facing viewpoint
 during this period.

Intern at Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation(APSRTC)
March 2012  -  June 2012  (4 months)

Education
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
Information Technology, 2008 - 2012

Deepak Aakula
Greater Philadelphia Area
Graduate Research Assistant at the Penn State University

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

