Deepesh C P
Bengaluru Area, India
Software Dev Staff Engineer at DELL

Summary
9+ years of experience in Design and Development of Software Products and applications.
Exposure on RAID Technologies and storage Technologies.
Knowledge on networking.Exposure on TCP/IP.
Knowledge on Server & Storage Management software.
Good Programming skills in C/C++on Linux, windows Esxi etc.

Experience
Software Dev Staff Engineer at Dell India R&D
April 2013  -  Present  (4 years 7 months)

Systems Analyst at UST Global
March 2011  -  April 2013  (2 years 2 months)

Worked in client place Intel India Pvt Ltd for developing Intel Server Continuity Suite.
Intel Server Continuity Suite is a server management suite which aims to provide Hardware
 Management, Storage Management, and Business continuity via Backup and continuous Data
 protection. This product aims to provide a visual highly intuitive user interface for the end user to
 simplify otherwise complex technologies like RAID, HW Devices/Sensors and Events.

Developer at UST Global
March 2011  -  April 2013  (2 years 2 months)

Software Engineer at Tarang Software Technologies
January 2010  -  March 2011  (1 year 3 months)

Project: Hypercom-M5000 Qt Porting

Worked on design and development of Qt abstraction layer. We used C++ and Qt framework to
 developing new abstraction layer.
Worked on developing test cases for Qt testing and tested all test cases in new layers.
Used Qt Framework to create new abstraction layer and user Interface for new generation terminal
 which will work on Linux platform.
Tested on new generation Hypercom terminal which will work on Linux Platform.
Created Automation test cases and tested using QtTest Utility.

Project: Hypercom-Stargate
Worked on both printer service and statistics service module. We used C++ and CORBA to
 developing Stargate.
Worked in printer module to fix the bugs and also worked some design level changes. Created and
 tested all test cases.
In Statistics service worked on design and implementation of device data collection from virtual file
 for different time period. Also worked on enhancement part of other modules.
Statistics services used multithreading (boost thread) to collect device data from different devices.

Software Engineer at Kanrad Technologies
October 2007  -  January 2010  (2 years 4 months)

Developed new product ( SONY-iTRx ) for taking backup and recover data in huge network.
Worked in both Comm Layer and BAR (Backup And Recovery) Module.
Worked on enhancement part of the Communication Layer and control flow of data exchange
 between client and server and debug different issues coming from network.
Tested Communication Layer in Linux using cppunit (unit test) and tested in real environment.
In Backup and Recover (BAR) module, worked with libdar library. Using this library took backup of
 file system and recovered the data. Also worked on integrating BAR module with communication
 layer and engine.
Ported iTRx Product in AIX, HP-UX and solved different porting issues.

Education
Manipal University
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Management Information Systems, General, 2014 - 2016
Electronics and communication
BE, Electronics and communication, 2003 - 2006
GPT Kasaragod
Diploma, Computer Engineering, 2000 - 2002

Deepesh C P
Bengaluru Area, India
Software Dev Staff Engineer at DELL

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

