Dipan Padsumbia
San Francisco Bay Area
C/C++ Developer | Software Development Engineer at Dell Data protection

Summary
5+ years of development experience in primary and backup storage appliances.
5+ Years experience in the Storage area in various aspects including but not limited to Virtualization,
 RAID, Storage Applications both as HBA products and in the SAN.
In-Depth understanding in developing concurrent, distributed and multi-threaded applications
Good knowledge in Linux system programming internals and file systems.
Good experience in debugging system problems and handling customer escalations

Areas of Interest: Operating systems, File systems, Distributed systems and Storage system
 management software.

Skills: C, Shell, UNIX/LINUX, Computer Data Structures and Algorithms, multithreading.

Experience
Software Development Engineer at Dell
September 2011  -  Present  (6 years 2 months)

• Currently, part of the control plane and platform team responsible for designing and implementing
 various features and enhancements of control plane and platform in existing backup and data
 recovery appliances (Dell DR series products).
• Design and implemented hardware health monitoring and reporting infrastructure which can be
 utilized across numerous Dell storage platforms.
• Designed and implemented strategies for optimal database schemas to store system configuration
 information.
• Designed and implemented RPC mechanisms for effective and scalable client-server
 communication in multi-threaded environment.
• Designed and implemented entire CLI frame work for Dedupe based back-up and recovery
 products.

Student: Masters of Computer Engineer (Major: Network System) at San Jose State University
August 2009  -  December 2011  (2 years 5 months)

My course works are Computer Network Protocols, Network Programming, Network Security,
 Network Testing, Database System, BI, Software Development and Testing.

STORAGE DEVELOPMENT ENGINEERING INTERN at Dell
May 2011  -  September 2011  (5 months)

• Worked on Dell–Ocarina storage platform as a part of the core development team.
• Solely designed and implemented Error Injection Framework to test and simulate the various
 negative error paths dynamically at run time.
• Wrote various custom developer tools for different data IO paths in Dedupe file systems which
 can be used by developers/QA to unit test various components of Dell Data Recovery/Backup
 Appliance.
• Designed and implemented custom tools to generate performance matrix of the product.

Intern Project Engineer at BISAG,Gandhinagar,Guj,India
January 2009  -  June 2009  (6 months)

GIS-Geo Graphic Information System Project

Education
San Jose State University
MS, Computer Engineering (Network System), 2009 - 2012
Gujarat University
BE, Computer Engineering, 2005 - 2009
Activities and Societies:  Organizing Team Member, ISTE student committee.
Curriculum Projects
Curriculum Projects (Cont.)

Dipan Padsumbia
San Francisco Bay Area
C/C++ Developer | Software Development Engineer at Dell Data protection

3 people have recommended Dipan

"Dipan and I worked together for a short span of time but it was a critical project for us as
undergraduates. That short span of time was very productive and more importantly a learning
experience. He has clarity – whether it is in terms of ideas or words. He knows what a team is and
what working together in a team means. He has the rare quality of understanding what hard work
of every individual brings to a group. I have not seen him shy away from accepting things he may
not be know, instead he goes that “extra mile” to learn it. He takes time to understand the premises
before forming an opinion. There have hardly been any knee-jerk reactions from him He has all the
right elements – punctuality (we never missed a deadline), sincerity, and the passion to learn. He
surely would add value to any organization or team that he works in."
—Ushma Desai, Manager - Strategic Management and Business Excellence,  Collabera,  worked
directly with Dipan at BISAG,Gandhinagar,Guj,India

"Had Dipan in our Systems Management Team for the DR4xxx/DR6xxx team handling the
hardware management and alerting system for the platform. It was a tall order for a junior and he
pulled it through and got the project on time. He also handled the customer escalations for the
product. Has an excellent design and debugging skillset. "
—Parthi Munusamy, Founder,  Beckon Technologies, Inc,  worked directly with Dipan at Dell

"I worked with Dipan on the DR4000/6000 storage platforms at Dell. He is diligent, results-oriented,
and analytical in his approach to solving problems and developing code for Linux based storage
platforms and embedded systems. He is also excellent at design skills, breaking down a complex
software module into its different components during the implementation phase."
—Murali Bashyam, Co Founder and Chief Architect,  CloudLanes,  worked directly with Dipan at
Dell

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

