Dominic Bett
Austin, Texas Area
Software Dev Engineer at Dell

Summary
As a Software Engineer at Dell, I am mostly involved in developing a data analytics engine that will
 give better insight in to the manufacturing process. I believe in using data to make decisions. I also
 understand its fallacies and its ways of endless analysis. Let the data decide, but don’t let it take
 over.

There is always more than one way to solve a problem. I can be overbearing: constantly questioning,
 never satisfied with the status quo, often seeing problems that should be solved and taking
 upon myself to solve them. I work with my team, not just to beat deadlines, but also to exceed
 expectations.

I recently graduated Summa cum Laude from Claflin University with a Bachelor of Science degree in
 Computer Science and a minor in Mathematics. In my free time I go kayaking, play soccer, travel, or
 watch the world’s largest bat colony emerge from under the Congress Avenue Bridge in downtown
 Austin.

"The world needs visionaries."
http://www.DominicBett.com

Experience
Software Development Engineer at Dell
June 2016  -  Present  (1 year 5 months)

Develop data analytics tools to provide insights and predictions. 

Intern Undergrad Associate at Dell
May 2015  -  August 2015  (4 months)

• Global Operations Engineering Technology Team: Developed a production level application to
 automate the management of image configuration file at ODMs and Dell Facilities globally.
- Simplified management of the configuration file.
- Validated entries to the configuration file to remove errors and avoid factory downtime.
- Enabled role-based access to provide need-based visibility to data & tools to team members.

Technology used: C#, ASP.NET, SQL Server, Python, Javascript, CSS, HTML5

Research Intern at Duke Energy Corporation
November 2014  -  April 2015  (6 months)

• Modeled and simulated of plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition.
• Modeled and Simulated of Ionospheric Disturbances: A Novel Proposition.

Technology used: ASTRA Code

Intern Undergrad Sr. Analyst at Dell
May 2014  -  August 2014  (4 months)

• Designed and developed an infrastructure test automation engine – Reduced time spent and
 inefficiency in infrastructure testing process.
• Configured an infrastructure OS deployment utility – Enabled remote deployment of Operating
 Systems on multiple infrastructure.

Technology used: Python, Bash, UNIX

Bioinfromatics Research Assistant at Claflin University
September 2013  -  May 2014  (9 months)

Identified missing protein interaction links for Asthma and Allergy protein-protein interaction network
 biomarker.

Intern at Medical University of South Carolina
June 2013  -  August 2013  (3 months)

• Developed Med Apps to monitor and promote healthy lifestyle among patients.

Technology used: C#, ASP.NET, Xamarin Studio, Android SDK, SQL Server

• Learned about Entrepreneurship in Technology Applications at the Center for Healthful Lifestyles.
http://academicdepartments.musc.edu/catalyst/archives/2013/8-9apps.htm

Education
Claflin University
Bachelor's Degree, Computer Science, 2012 - 2016
Activities and Societies:  The National Society of Leadership and Success National Society for Black
 Engineers International Students Association
Nairobi School
Certificate, High School/Secondary Diplomas and Certificates, 2006 - 2009
Activities and Societies:  Hockey Environmental club Maths and science contests Chess Computer
 club Athletics Volunteer
Arise and Shine Academy
Certificate, Elementary school diploma, 1997 - 2005

Dominic Bett
Austin, Texas Area
Software Dev Engineer at Dell

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

