Dongpu Jin
Greater Seattle Area
Senior Software Engineer at Salesforce

Experience
Senior Software Engineer at Salesforce
January 2016  -  Present  (1 year 10 months)

Software Engineer at Amazon
August 2014  -  January 2016  (1 year 6 months)

- An integral part of a software development team built scalable event driven data integration
 systems that sync 400k+ employee data to downstream consumers in real time as changes
 happened in the data source.

Software Engineer Intern at Facebook
May 2014  -  August 2014  (4 months)

- Design and implement a P2P payment feature on Facebook Messenger App on Android.

Research Assistant at University of Nebraska–Lincoln
May 2010  -  August 2014  (4 years 4 months)

- Develop a preference recommendation framework and a Firefox plug-in that capture system
 preferences at runtime and allowing users to search for desired preferences via natural language
 processing techniques.
- Research on document analysis with focus on using algebraic approach to factor and extract
 information from web tables. 
- Build a five-stage compiler in Python that parses HTML web tables and constructs intermediate
 tree structure representation of the tables.
- Collaborate with groups including Doclab group at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and TANGO
 group at Brigham Young University. 
- Research on Chip Multi-core Processors Cache Memory project centered on designing and
 evaluating adaptive placement and replacement algorithms for cache memory.
- Modify a cache simulator written in C++ to use hashing to determine target cache line.

Software Engineer Intern at Microsoft
May 2013  -  August 2013  (4 months)

- Microsoft Dynamics, CRM, Online Service Team. 
- Design, implement, and check-in a Customer On-Demand Backup feature with average 96% unit
 test code coverage. 
- Design, refactor, unit test, and check-in an Organization Level Storage Management feature.

Teaching Assistant at University of Nebraska–Lincoln
January 2010  -  May 2012  (2 years 5 months)

- Assist 300+ students with lab assignments in first and second year courses including C
 Programming, C++ Programming, Java Programming, and Computer Organization.

Education
University of Nebraska-Lincoln
Master of Science (M.S.), Computer Science, 2012 - 2014
University of Nebraska-Lincoln
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Computer Engineering, 2008 - 2012

Dongpu Jin
Greater Seattle Area
Senior Software Engineer at Salesforce

1 person has recommended Dongpu

""Dongpu is a great teammates, he is smart, works hard. make a lot of achievements when I had
worked with him. I had never heard the complains from him, he is rock star in the team""
—Ben Xing, Software Engineer,  Snapchat, Inc.,  managed Dongpu indirectly at Salesforce

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

