Dylan Dunnan
San Francisco Bay Area
Strategy Oriented Agile Project Manager w/deep expertise as a Scrum Master (CSM) in
Public / Private Cloud environments

Summary
Specialties

• Mentor Scrum Coaches
• Charter Processes for DevOps transformations 
• Strategic Planning (Executive Product Roadmaps)
• CI solution projects in a Cloud Framework
• Customer facing Initiatives
• Change-agent
• Process Development
• Big Data projects 
• Live Ops (.com) feature development
• Leadership & Vision
• Innovation Initiation (Hackathons)
• Team Development / Motivation

Experience
Agile Project Manager at ServiceNow – The Enterprise Cloud Company
September 2016  -  October 2017  (1 year 2 months)

- Project Manager for 2 major portfolios:  Sales & Marketing
- Managed and executed applications built for Sales CRM (Customer Relationship Management)
 and engaging homepages for Marketing ADR's (Account Development Representative) organizing
 and prompting ownership in their day-to-day operations
- Assisted in a staged Data Migration plan for CPQ (Configure Price Quote)

Technical Program Manager at Cisco Cloud and Metapod
July 2016  -  September 2016  (3 months)

- Successfully piloted tooling to automate execution plans and delivery schedules using JIRA
 Portfolio in order to have reliable launch data in order to optimize business value delivery for
 Executives and Customer Success teams
- Mentored acting Agile Scrum Coach on industry best practices to successfully roll-out a Scaled
 Agile Framework (SAFe) using both Lean and Agile methodologies 

- Created autonomous metrics for 26 active Agile Scrum teams utilizing EasyBI providing real-time
 data needed to make data-driven-decisions
- Effectively executed collaboration tooling among Scrum teams by implementing Slack
- Increased Operational Excellence by partnering with Scrum Masters creating training materials,
 encouraging effective communications, and team self-sufficiency

Iteration Manager / Scrum Master at Gap Inc.
November 2015  -  June 2016  (8 months)

- Acted as the Lead Scrum Master for one of Gap’s largest ($6m) DevOps initiative
- Helped deliver a PaaS solution with a Jenkins / Docker container deployment mechanism to
 decrease cost of teams building their own continuous delivery pipeline
- CI solution decreased Gap’s feature lead time (goto Market), increased feature development for:
 ecommerce; in store POS; distribution centers; retail stores; and franchises.
- Managed an 2 offsite vendor software development teams (Pivotal, Pillar) saving the company
 $1.5millio/yr and with speed gains of 800% by reducing manual builds using our solution
  

Program Manager / Scrum Master at Bunchball
February 2015  -  November 2015  (10 months)

- Empowered 4 dispersed development teams (20+ people) to understand priorities 
- Managed Big Data projects built using Docker Orchestration (deployments), CloverETL (data
 warehouse transformations), Amazon's Redshift (cloud data warehouse), NGINX (load balancing
 to manage traffic), and a variety of other Amazon Web Services
- Managed R&D team creating social graphs to represent interactions between a social network,
 connected nodes, and each node’s influencer score representative of edges 
- Coached business leaders on implementing NPS scores after product delivery so we can do
 better
- Partnered with Engineering, Product, Sales/Marketing, and Client Services 
- Served as an adviser to senior management on change management strategies in order to scale

Development Manager / Scrum Master at Electronic Arts
October 2012  -  February 2015  (2 years 5 months)

- Empowered 3 unique teams of Developers as an Agile Scrum Master
- Teams consisting of: 20 Engineers domestic and overseas, 4 QA, 4 Product Owners
- Ensured Engineers and QA testers focused on user stories committed within current sprint (2wks)
 by reviewing progress during Daily StandUps
- Achieving a high performance team by creating a culture of ownership of one’s work and helping
 them understand how their work increases performance metrics, and creating a ‘team’ mentality
- Educated team toward business-driven (ROI) and customer focused development
- Detects hidden problems, solved impediments, and protected the team from external distractions

Agile Project Manager I at Apple
April 2012  -  August 2012  (5 months)

- Point of Sale (POS) Information Services and Technology (IS&T) Project Manager for the
 Security/Encrpytion component of PII & PCI data.
- Managed software deployment using agile methodology
- Supported Apple’s Point-Of-Sale (POS) payment systems and acquired deep understanding of
 POS infrastructure including terminals, software payment switches, gateways, and processors
- Proactive ensuring information was updated by communicating with technical leads
- Negotiated requirements with various departments and cross function teams
- Used automated tools such as Confluence (wiki) and JIRA for monitoring projects, tasks, action
 items, status, and resource allocation with metric reporting
- Developed rollback action plan and time frame for successful software deployments
- Facilitated meetings by creating Business Requirement Documentation (BRD) with 3rd party
 vendors

Agile Project Manager at Cisco Systems
July 2011  -  October 2011  (4 months)

- Managed Wide Area Application Service (WAAS) software developments using Waterfall
 methodology
- Used Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint to track milestones, dates, and new initiatives
- Managed worldwide cross functional teams while meeting with DE-Managers reducing bug issues
- Provides various reports and PowerPoint slides for all levels of management
- Familiar with financial forecasting such as what if scenarios on product replacements based on a
 financial analysis of per unit cost, and program decisions based on IRR

Product Structure Engineer at SSL (Space Systems Loral)
November 2010  -  June 2011  (8 months)

- As Product Structure Engineer maintained a current and approved program spacecraft
 configuration design during the entire life cycle of the program.  
- Ensured all Design Engineers (mechanical, electrical, and communications) agreed to the current
 spacecraft configuration
- Ensured request for proposals of spacecraft communication hardware were sent to vendors to
 ensure proper lead-time in order to mitigate risk downstream to: build; integration; test; and launch
 schedules
- Reviewed technical design and min/max specs with Lead Engineers to ensure hardware met final
 customer requirements of active and passive communication units

Lead RF Engineering Specialist at Space Systems Loral
June 2006  -  October 2010  (4 years 5 months)

- Led head-start programs which were in contract negotiations between company and client 

- Developed an overall training program for Test Engineers and deployed it to our entire
 manufacturing facility and evaluated effectiveness
- Created a learning culture by building an internal wiki and produced short length YouTube videos
 of processes in various test phases for new hires 
- Embraced a learning culture by creating a cross-functional engineering program to meet the
 needs of highly visible clients (Direct Tv, XM Radio)
- Established best in class practices for Test Engineers by creating methodologies, practices, and
 processes in line with QA standards
- Prepared presentations and metrics on our training programs success which were reported
 directly to C-Level directorate

Contributor at FreeBSD
January 2009  -  January 2010  (1 year 1 month)

Quality Engineer at Northrop Grumman Space Technology
May 2005  -  May 2006  (1 year 1 month)

Working closely with Electrical, Mechanical Engineers, Procurement, and Test Control Ops, I
 benefited greatly from viewing their day-to-day operations, and learning their job as well as my
 own. While there, I received my EBI (security clearances), and had an in-depth background check.

Jr. Software Engineer at United States Air Force
January 2004  -  January 2005  (1 year 1 month)

During my Junior year in college, I helped at Vandenberg's 30th Space Wing, specifically in the
 Engineering Missile Range Maintenance squadron overseeing the architecture & inventory of
 the government’s secured network which includes the uplink of all range computer systems.   I
 supported  the security of all network configurations and maintains a disaster recovery plan for
 unclassified and classified network infrastructure.

Sales/Customer Service Manager at Enterprise Rent-A-Car
August 2001  -  April 2003  (1 year 9 months)

Beyond employee-client relations, I influenced the marketing relationships that we had with our
 accounts and developed a more personable atmosphere.  Under my supervision, our Customer
 Service index had gone up steadily achieving records that hadn't been met in 2 years.

Production Control Manager at United States Marine Corps
August 1996  -  August 2001  (5 years 1 month)

Responsible for determining the highest priority items needing repair in order to support combat/
training operations for rotary wing aircraft systems such as communication, navigation, and combat
 targeting systems in support of precision guided missiles such as the TOW/Hellfire (point target/
anti-armor), in the use of field operations (combat/training) including amphibious assaults and
 subsequent operations ashore.  Managed the prioritization of repairs for the AH-1W SuperCobra

 Attack Helicopter by determining the specific type of labor, number of hours required; build of
 materials, and the production lead time required.  Also, assisted the U.S. Naval Pacific Fleet
 with the transition of technical publications into the digital platform for an effective delivery of all
 technical publications such that deployed forces abroad had information readily accessible in
 order to continue repair operations in the field by ensuring high standard of quality, accuracy and
 readability

Education
Stanford University
SCPM- Stanford Certified Project Manager, 2015 - 2017
University of Phoenix
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Business Administration, Management and
 Operations, 2009 - 2010
University of Phoenix
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Global Business Management, 2007 - 2009

Dylan Dunnan
San Francisco Bay Area
Strategy Oriented Agile Project Manager w/deep expertise as a Scrum Master (CSM) in
Public / Private Cloud environments

10 people have recommended Dylan

"Dylan always acts serious to his job or tasks assigned. He tries his best to make the processes
run smoothly. He also has the good leadership. He trains and leads other technicians to achieve
the goals for every programs. Most of his supervisors give him the highest appreciation on what he
does. Besides, he likes to communicate with co-workers, so he earns lots of friendship rather than
just colleagues' relationship."
—Gemini Lau, Engineering Specialist (Principal CVE),  Space Systems Loral,  worked directly with
Dylan at Space Systems Loral

"I felt quite honored to work with Dylan. I worked with Dylan at Space Systems Loral in 2010. He
is a hard working individual, and unlike many today, whenever he takes ownership of something
or pursues a new interest, he is guaranteed to be highly committed. He stood apart from many
others because he was always courteous to other colleagues and you’d always find him smiling
with a winning sense of humor. Dylan is a creative problem solver. When SSL made the switch
from AutoCAD to an open source CAD tool, I watched Dylan take a deep interest in the work of
a coworker who was struggling, learning Python in order to script the new tool. Dylan was an
excellent communicator and not only mentored patiently taking time to explain solutions to our
coworker, but I watched Dylan learn C++ in a few months after work so that he could assist the
coworker compile the back-end since the new tool used a lot of vectorized arithmetic. Dylan is a
quick study, and naturally curious. The project was successful and our coworker received praise
for his work. Dylan did not take the spotlight for this, showing us humility and kindness to others.
By example, Dylan taught me not only the value of helping others, but the importance of loyalty
and commitment. Dylan is genuine, warm, friendly, intelligent, and honest. He possesses all the
finest qualities I would want in a business associate and personal friend. Colleagues complimented
him for being very people oriented, easygoing, and a team player. Dylan had strong leadership
qualities, young in his career and I could tell he was ambitious. At the end of the day, Dylan is a
methodical thinker, someone who is goal-oriented, yet patient and empathetic. "
—Diane Graham, Project Coordinator RF Subcontracts Engineering,  SSL (Space Systems Loral), 
worked directly with Dylan at SSL (Space Systems Loral)

"While Partnering with Dylan on an initiative at GAP, he demonstrated his ability to manage
complex, large-scale, cross-organizational, multi-stakeholder initiatives. He was able to successfully
lead 4 concurrent Agile teams on a multi-company innovative product to enable development teams
to deliver quality applications faster. Being an Agile Coach, I can attest that Dylan demonstrated
strong communication, collaboration, and teamwork skills and was quickly able to gain trust from
the teams as well as senior management and was able to influence decision-making. Dylan has a
lot of energy that can make an impact beyond his area of responsibility."
—Felicia Schwartz, CSPO, CSM, SAFe Agilist, Manager, Solutions Architects,  Pivotal, Inc.,  was
with another company when working with Dylan at Gap Inc.

"I enjoyed working with Dylan in the PMO organization, who led & managed projects and teams
very well executing it from initiation through completion successfully. He is very strong in his
communication be it face to face, team meetings, and/or through presentations. He is highly
influential and pleasant to work with every level of the company, as well as with customers and
suppliers. He is recognized as a great team player, with his excellent team building skills and ability
to lead cross functional teams. He is an asset to any team."
—Bhanu Balakrishnan, MBA, CSM, PMP, Senior Program Manager,  ServiceNow – The Enterprise
Cloud Company,  worked directly with Dylan at ServiceNow – The Enterprise Cloud Company

"It’s rare that you come across standout talent like Dylan. I had the pleasure of working with Dylan
at Cisco, and we have collaborated on several projects. I was always in awe of Dylan’s leadership
and his ability to command a room and get people on board with ideas—even people who were
initially on completely different pages. As a team member or a leader, Dylan earns my highest
recommendation."
—Nicholas Tudisco, MBA, PMP, IT Project Manager,  ServiceNow – The Enterprise Cloud
Company,  worked directly with Dylan at Cisco Cloud and Metapod

"Having worked with Dylan for nearly two years, I can attest to his strong work ethic and detail-
oriented approach to project management. A former military man, Dylan intuitively understands
the value of structure and process, which makes him the ideal person to help keep a development
team focused and organized. But what really separates Dylan from other PMs is Dylan's unflinching
positive attitude. Working on live, customer-facing products will always be a stressful endeavor
as production bugs, changing technological requirements and important deadlines are part of the
job. Yet not only does Dylan stay calm and collected in these situations, but he is happy to be at
work and eager to help his team do whatever it takes to deliver an on-time, on-budget product that
provides his customers with an amazing experience. "
—Dayton Young, Principal Product Manager,  DexYP,  worked directly with Dylan at Electronic Arts

"Dylan is an energetic person who has passion in his work, have a very good balance between
work, study and life, and well understanding of project deadline, etc. It's a pleasure to have a friend
like him."
—Xin LI, Release Engineer,  Google,  was with another company when working with Dylan at
Space Systems Loral

"Dylan really helped articulate precisely what our client's project requirements were by studying the
scrum team’s behaviors and conferring with others so that as a consulting company we were able
to deliver exactly what our client needed. We really valued and appreciated Dylan's help!"
—Mike Faster, President & CIO,  Coyote Creek Consulting,  worked directly with Dylan at Cisco
Cloud and Metapod

"Dylan strives for excellence and collaboration in his day to day as a DM / PM, working closely
with Product, stakeholders, and customers to assure that requirements are aligned, timelines are
met, and the team is pushing out high quality products / features. He takes the time to understand
the product so that he can make the best possible decisions / solutions in helping guide the
development team through some very tough sprints / dev cycles. Dylan is definitely a team first
type of DM which is one of the reasons why development runs so smoothly. He has also greatly
helped in developing processes to optimize development time as well as to involve stakeholders
and customers so that everyone is kept in the loop."
—Trevor Yeung, Senior Product Manager - Mobile Publishing,  Behaviour Interactive,  managed
Dylan indirectly at Electronic Arts

"I have only had the opportunity to work with Dylan for a few months at ServiceNow but in my
short time working with him, it is clear that Dylan is a competent project manager. Dylan has
strong interpersonal, communication and team building skills. He is systems-oriented and enjoys
working with new tools. Dylan is a self starter who is able to identify and solve problems. Dylan is
passionate about his responsibilities, and is determined to do the right thing for the project. "
—Natalie Keyes, Senior Consultant,  Pierce Washington,  managed Dylan indirectly at ServiceNow
– The Enterprise Cloud Company

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

