Eric Turner
San Francisco Bay Area
Researcher & Analyst

Summary
Expert on research and data analysis. My PhD in Sociology allows me to integrate dynamics of
 human behaviors in a variety of geographical and institutional environments in my research process.
 I believe that data analysis and visualization should tell clear stories and research insights can
 improve decision-making. Additionally, I speak several languages and I have extensive experience
 translating in businesses and academic settings. 

Experience
Software Engineer Internship at Tribalist - "The best lists, at your fingertips"
October 2017  -  Present  (1 month)

Developing new content, especially music lists

Writing and modifying code in HTML and JavaScript

Accessing and analyzing user and content data with SQL, Excel and STATA

Adjunct Instructor at Ashford University
August 2016  -  Present  (1 year 3 months)

Carrying out course design, including drafting written lectures and links to relevant readings, videos
 and key sources.

Grading quizzes, tests, short and long essays.

Instructor and PhD Researcher at The University of New Mexico
August 2011  -  May 2017  (5 years 10 months)

RESEARCH
Carried out ethnographic research, including using field notes and participant observation.
Interpreted data on elections and policies to write policy reports.
Developed a state-of-the-art dataset to study topic of PhD dissertation. Data was obtained by
 drafting, sending out and collecting survey questionnaires through Facebook, phone and email;
 newspaper content analysis; and mining data from official government databases as well as more
 informal sources.   

Maintained and cleaned datasets and carried out multivariate statistical analyses, including cross-
sectional and longitudinal models.
Contributed to technical reports and supported research efforts on numerous projects.

WRITTEN AND ORAL COMMUNICATION
Presented original research at numerous academic conferences nationally and internationally.
Organized panels and workshops at academic conferences, often serving as panel discussant.
Authored research articles published in academic journals and prestigious policy publications.
Performed peer-review duties for 2 academic journals.

ORGANIZATION
Planned events, drafted budgets and communicated with other departments when serving as
 treasurer and vice-president of graduate student organization 

INSTRUCTION
Designed materials and taught various in-person and online undergraduate courses in sociology,
 including Classical Sociological Theory, Contemporary Sociological Theory and Social Movements.
Made key decisions on curriculum, assignments, deadlines and facilitated student progress

Graduate Assistant at The University of New Mexico
August 2010  -  December 2011  (1 year 5 months)

Supported sociology instructors with grading, proctoring exams, mentoring and tutoring students,
 keeping records and providing supplemental classroom instruction.

Online Content Analyst at TripAdvisor
November 2009  -  May 2010  (7 months)

Monitored customer reviews in Italian, French and Spanish for language and content for a large
 travel website and updated customer-facing web content as needed.  

Conducted Italian language customer service for Tripadvisor, drafting responses with the use of
 templates, where appropriate, and making changes to the website if necessary.

Human Resources Assistant at TUMARC LIMITED
October 2007  -  June 2009  (1 year 9 months)

Carried out legal research, initially to help with complying with legal requirements for a branch
 of the company in Germany, and at a later point researched into potential legal requirements of
 setting up a branch in Romania.

Performed recruiter duties, including uploading job postings, reading candidate resumes, carrying
 out phone and in-person interviews, arranging lodging and food for candidates

Communicated with key customers and stakeholders, including the company's accountants,
 management staff and our main client, which was the Powertrain division of Ford Motor Company's
 main European headquarters in Basildon, U.K. 

Worked as admin assistant of a car body repair shop owned by Tumarc.  Duties included invoicing,
 purchasing and communicating with customers and technicians working at the shop.

Student Ambassador at University of Essex
November 2003  -  June 2006  (2 years 8 months)

Delivered tours of college campus facilities for perspective students and parents.

Communicated arrangements of college visit with perspective students, parents, academic
 departments and the office of external relations. 

Carried out manual labor to help set up various higher education fairs at my college campus. 

Translator & Data Entry Clerk at ROADTODATA
January 2005  -  July 2005  (7 months)

Translated company website from English into Italian.

Helped with collecting data on car specifications and prices by collecting booklets and car model
 lists from various local auto dealers.

Carried out data entry of car specifications and prices into an Excel spreadsheet.

Education
The University of New Mexico
Doctor of Philosophy - PhD, Sociology, 2010 - 2017
University of East London School of Law and Social Sciences
Graduate Diploma, Law, 2009 - 2010
University of York
Master of Arts - MA, Comparative Politics, 2006 - 2007
University of Essex
Bachelor of Arts - BA, Modern History and Politics, 2003 - 2006

Eric Turner
San Francisco Bay Area
Researcher & Analyst

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

