Esha Joshi
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Apple

Summary
Esha is a recent graduate from Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo with a B.S. degree in Software
 Engineering. She has avid interests in entrepreneurship, product management, and public speaking
 and is keen on exploring software engineering fields related to mobile development, machine
 learning, and Big Data.

Experience
Software Engineer at Apple
September 2016  -  Present  (1 year 2 months)

Girls Who Code Facilitator - Sunnyvale, CA at Girls Who Code
September 2016  -  June 2017  (10 months)

Brought together a cohort of 20 wonderfully talented middle-school female students to help them
 learn and use computer science to impact the community and build sisterhood among other
 girls within the Club. Empowered and tutored the girls as they conceptualized, designed, and
 programmed together an application based on shared interests.

Instructional Student Assistant at California Polytechnic State University
September 2015  -  June 2016  (10 months)

Held office hours and graded assignments/tests for students in the Fundamentals of Computer
 Science I (CPE 101) and Introduction to Database Systems (CPE 365) classes.

Software Engineering Intern at Apple
June 2015  -  September 2015  (4 months)

Apple Music Reporting

Front-end web development project.
Created dashboard for efficient and dynamic data loading/refreshing, from front-end UI to service
 layer framework.
Dashboard generates financial reports for use by the iTunes community.
Built in ReactJS, HTML, CSS.

Software Engineering Intern at Intuit
June 2014  -  September 2014  (4 months)

Designed and developed UIs in Java and Go for the Public Cloud Access Service (PCAS) team.
 Interfaces help with the on-boarding of new AWS accounts to Cloud Access Service and integrate
 with AWS, Splunk, and internal APIs.

Electronic Programmer Intern at WD, a Western Digital company
June 2013  -  September 2013  (4 months)

Learned Visual Basic 6.0, basic SQL, and Microsoft Access Databases to build modules for testing
 magnetic recording heads/media. Modules enabled WD customers to submit job requests for their
 hard drive testers and instantaneously retrieve updates about their requests.

Air Traffic Management Research Intern at NASA Ames Research Center
June 2011  -  August 2011  (3 months)

Responsible for analyzing and modeling data responses from Ames air traffic controllers and
 pilots to develop more robust software for avoiding collisions during the terminal phase of flight.
 Mathematical and statistical modeling included use of SPSS and Excel software.

Product Developer Intern at Looxcie
June 2010  -  August 2010  (3 months)

Oversaw the company’s first product, the first wearable camcorder, by engaging in the concept
 development, technical implementation, and compatibility user testing with various operating
 systems. Defined and performed tests for the wireless camcorder on its mobile applications and
 bluetooth headset profiles.

Education
California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo
Bachelor of Science (BS), Software Engineering, 2012 - 2016
Activities and Societies:  Women Involved in Software and Hardware (WISH), College of Engineering
 Tour Guide, Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship (CIE), Cal Poly Ignite Speaker, Society of
 Women Engineers (SWE)
Archbishop Mitty High School
2008 - 2012
Activities and Societies:  Student Newspaper, Mock Trial, Tennis, Robotics Team

Esha Joshi
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Apple

1 person has recommended Esha

"Esha integrated very well with the rest of the team, working diligently in all projects assigned to
her. Esha is a very capable person whom easily grasped the concept of the projects and wrote the
code to deliver the requested results."
—Rene Martinez, Principal Engineer,  Western Digital,  managed Esha at WD, a Western Digital
company

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

