Estevao Hess, CSM, CSP, MSc
Porto Alegre Area, Brazil
Senior Software Engineer at Dell

Summary
ABOUT
Since I started in IT in 2004, my entire career was focused on the Software Development space,
 floating for different areas. I’m a former Java/J2EE developer that worked for a long time on
 enterprise projects delivering high availability applications to support several different business
 areas.

In 2006 I was able to start to work with Agile methodologies and then I became an agile enthusiast. I
 was able to become Scrum Master and Scrum Practitioner Certified. For all projects and companies
 I have worked on, I have always pushed the teams to work as agile as possible, providing support
 based on past experience and thus, improve the teams.  

In 2013 I was offered to work with Salesforce. Since then, I become a SFDC passionate, always
 looking forward for the new features provided by SFDC. Due to the knowledge and proactivity, I
 got the opportunity to work as a SFDC technical reference in our team, working as a Developer
 Technical Lead and as a SFDC Architect. 

One of the things that I most like about my career is that I have always worked with distributed teams
 cross the globe. It is really interesting because I could interact with people from several places in the
 world, with a different thinking logic to try to solve same problems. It really makes me to improve as
 an individual. 

Background knowledge
Salesforce
Salesforce Administration, Service Cloud, Sales Cloud, APEX Programming Language, Unit Tests,
 VisualForce Pages, SOQL/SOSL Queries, ANT Scripts, Sublime+MavensMate, Eclipse IDE -
 Force.com, Salesforce Governor Limits, Salesforce Communities, WebServices integration (SOAP/
REST)

JAVA/J2EE
JSP/Servlets, EJB, JMS; Application Server: Weblogic, JBoss; WebServices: REST/SOAP,
 SOA,BPEL; Frameworks: Struts, JSF, Spring; Multithreading

Data Base
Oracle, SQL Server; Hibernate, iBatis; 
No-SQL such as MongoDB and Cassandra

Project 
Scrum, XP, Lean, Kanban, PMI

Web Development
HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, JQuery, Bootstrap, Google APIs

Experience
Advisory Software Engineer at Dell
December 2013  -  Present  (3 years 11 months)

Role:  Salesforce Architect
Dell Financial Services – DFS, is working hard to use Salesforce.com to assist the back office as
 well as the customer face applications. Several projects are being migrated and new projects
 are being developed on top of the Salesforce platform using several features provide out-of-the-
box from Salesforce. To accomplish that, we are using ServiceCloud and SalesCloud with some
 customizations, to be able to accommodate all business requirements. This project also is using
 SFDC Communities for all customer face application, using mainly Visualforce pages and Angular
 for the front-end and APEX with WebServices integration – SOAP and REST – on the back-end. 
Responsibility: My main responsibility as Development Leader in this project is to ensure the team
 will deliver all items requested by our customers within the available time. To accomplish it, I need
 to assign and track tasks to developers. I also have to interface the BSA and the Project Owner
 with the development team and help on writing User Stories and defining priorities. 
Other than as SFDC Architect, I need to care about the interlocks with other projects, to arrange all
 the deliverables needed on time and sync with all other teams engaged under this project. Once
 we are running different projects on top of the same SFDC org, I am the responsible to make it
 happen on the correct way as well using the correct standards and avoiding re-work. Currently our
 team have around 40 developers working on the same SFDC org. one of our main challenge is to
 merge all changes into one single source code to be able to deploy it correctly. To accomplish that,
 I’m responsible to create the designs that will be used, based on the requirements we have from
 our customer (APEX, Visualforce, Integration – Rest/SOAP, Legacy data migration, etc.). 

Software Engineer at HP
January 2011  -  December 2013  (3 years)

Software Developer at Dell
February 2009  -  December 2010  (1 year 11 months)

Design and development system to migrate legacy application in Cobol to a global solution.
 Focused in backend process layer. This backend is a J2EE application that provides services to
 other applications. It is a SOA architecture, implemented using webservices. The main technology
 used is EJB, Hibernate, Oracle 11g, RSOM, Foton, Weblogic 8.1/10.1. Working globally with
 people from USA, India, Japan and Brazil.

Software Developer at Dell
July 2008  -  February 2009  (8 months)

Project related to provide data access (read/write/update) via WebService, using the SOA
 architecture. To perform this project, we used the Aqualogic Data Service Platform from BEA/
Oracle and Oracle 11g as the Data Base. This project was running Scrum.

Software Developer at Dell
May 2007  -  July 2008  (1 year 3 months)

Worked in an integration project. Dell bought the ASAP Software company, and this project was
 responsible to integrate the current Dell systems with current ASAP applications. This project
 was running SCRUM in 3 different locations: Austin (Texas), Chicago (Illinois), Bangalore (India)
 and Porto Alegre (Brazil). This was a Java project, and I was responsible to the data migration,
 mapping data base structure and creating backend systems to migrate the whole data accordingly
 the the final data base structure. Used Java, J2EE, iBatis, SQLServer 2005 and Oracle 11g. 
 Working globally with people from USA, India, and Brazil.

Software Developer at Dell
August 2006  -  May 2007  (10 months)

Worked on a project responsible for Volume Software Licensing contracts, quoting and order
 validation. The project started only working as a reporting tool to the Volume Licensing data for
 external customers. Using J2EE, EJB, JSF, Jasper Resports, Oracle 10g. In the second phase,
 the project was responsible to replace a legacy application wrote in VB 6 and using SQLServer
 2005. In this second phase, further than working as developer, I was the focal point for the data
 migration, bringing the data from SQLServer 2005 to the current oracle application, using Oracle
 SQL Loader, J2EE, EJB, iBatis, JSF.  Working globally with people from USA, India, Ireland,
 Russia and Brazil.

Software Developer at CPM Braxis
June 2005  -  August 2006  (1 year 3 months)

At CPM I have worked as an offshore developer. I’ve worked for Dell in a project responsible
 for Volume Software Licensing contracts, quoting and order validation. The project started only
 working as a reporting tool to the Volume Licensing data for external customers. Using J2EE, EJB,
 JSF, Jasper Resports, Oracle 10g. Working globally with people from USA, India, Ireland, Russia
 and Brazil.

Java Developer at Inpar Soluções em Imagens Médicas
June 2004  -  June 2005  (1 year 1 month)

Worked as a Java Developer, on projects related to medical images. Systems to be used for
 hospitals, to create, analyze, manage and store a huge amount of medical images. I’ve been there
 for about one year.

Education
Scrum Alliance
Certified Scrum Master, Computer Software Engineering, 2016 - 2016
Activities and Societies:  Certified Scrum Master
Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio Grande do Sul
Master, Computer Science, 2010 - 2012
Activities and Societies:  Master Degree in Computer Science Researching Global Software
 Development
Scrum Alliance - CSP
Certified Scrum Practitioner, 2009 - 2009
Scrum Alliance - CSM
Certified Scrum Master, 2007 - 2007
Sun Certified Java Programmer for Java 4
Sun Certified Java Programmer for Java 4, 2007 - 2007
Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio Grande do Sul
Bs, Computer Science, 2002 - 2006
Activities and Societies:  Presentation layer and algorithm improvement for a BI system.

Estevao Hess, CSM, CSP, MSc
Porto Alegre Area, Brazil
Senior Software Engineer at Dell

7 people have recommended Estevao

"I have worked with Estevão on a very interesting and complex project at Dell, where we had a
distributed development team working from different locations and within different time zones.
He is a reliable, quick learner and hardworking developer who is very detail oriented and stands
out from others engineers with his commitment to quality. Estevão has deep knowledge of
enterprise systems, as well as excellent leadership skills. He knows Weblogic app server and J2EE
technologies very well. He also has a huge commitment to the team's success and to meeting all
deliverables on time. I highly recommend him to anyone seeking a great development resource. He
can be an asset to any software development team."
—Ken Maranian, Chief Product & Technology Officer,  Stratfor,  managed Estevao indirectly at Dell

"Estevao is an outstanding engineer by virtue of his professionalism and extreme drive for results.
I had the pleasure to work with him in a major financial application product inside Dell Financial
Services and I was able to witness how he almost singlehandedly steered the course of the
architectural and code design and how he coordinated the junior developers to achieve the desired
quality. I highly recommend him to anyone looking for a full stack senior software engineer."
—Alexandre Polli, Senior Product Manager,  Dell Technologies,  managed Estevao indirectly at Dell

"I enjoyed working with Estevao at Dell, and found him to be very capable, intelligent, hard
working and able to work well with others in a group. Definitely a reccomendation for a software
development postion."
—Phil Brasenell, Software Developer,  General Motors,  worked directly with Estevao at Dell

"I had the opportunity to work with Estevão for more than 3 years, having him as a peer on a
development lead position. We both led teams distributed across different countries such as in
Brasil, United States, Ireland and India for Dell Financial Service products in EMEA and United
State regions. We both had to design end-to-end technical solutions over a large Salesforce.com
platform, led technical discussions about complex integration scenarios with downstream systems.
As part of lead role, we had to review code designs and support technical discussions on daily base

activities, as well as to onboard new team members. As my peer, I always counted on him to share
experiences and I actually learned a lot from him. He is very result driven and he measures no
effort to go way beyond his role duties to help teams achieve their goals."
—Rogerio Carvalho, Senior Software Developer,  Atlassian,  worked with Estevao at Dell

"Working with Estevao was a pleasure, he was alway willing to go the extra mile to ensure he
understood what needed to be done. He was prompt and followed up in a timely manner. If I had
the opportunity to work with Estevao again I would not hesitate. I highly recommend Estevao Hess
as valued Software Developer."
—Suzanne Robinson, System Analyst,  Texas Lottery Commission,  worked directly with Estevao at
Dell

"I had worked with Estevao during my assignment at Dell. He is a hard working, technically sound,
dedicated lead. He would go the extra mile to deliver quality product to the business on time. I
especially admire his ability to appreciate his team members contribution and keep them motivated.
He is an asset for any project. "
—Partha Chaudhuri, Senior Manager,  Cognizant,  worked directly with Estevao at Dell

"Estevão is a quick learner guy. It has been very good to work with him in the same group. I can
count on him all the time for the tasks we need to perform. Besides that, he is an easy guy with
good sense of humor."
—Giovani Salvador, MSc, CSM, CSP, South America IT Supervisor,  AGCO Corporation, 
managed Estevao indirectly at Dell

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

