Fan Jin
Vancouver, Canada Area
Software Developer at QHR Technologies

Summary
Self-motivated software developer. Currently, I am a full-stack Web developer at QHR Technologies. I
 simply like coding and turning ideas into products.

Experience
Software Developer at QHR Technologies
May 2017  -  Present  (6 months)

Junior Software Developer at QHR Technologies
June 2016  -  May 2017  (1 year)

Development of Medeo's Video conferencing application, specializing in WebRTC field. Contributor
 of the Medeo web application and Medeo's multi-user conferencing component. 

Transitioned Medeo's existing video technology(WebRTC) from one to one video conferencing to
 multi-user video conferencing. It allows patients see many practitioners at the same time and open
 up some new business areas for the company.

Development of the Medeo Virtual care product for patients. This single-page application consists
 of an appointment system, a real-time chat and video conferencing component, as well as a secure
 messaging service for asynchronous communication.

Maintain the existing Medeo stack including provider web application, the backend services, live
 chat system and Signaling service.

Software Developer at Pangu Holdings Corp(Vansky)
March 2015  -  June 2016  (1 year 4 months)

Maintain current services - Current servers were built using Javascript and are maintained using
 nodeJS. I am required to fix any bugs or problems reported by customers, and keep the current
 code updated to ensure that no more bugs arise; Update, add or remove advertisements and
 banners on the website using HTML, CSS and some Javascript; Ensure that the admin page and
 administration services are running appropriately and fixed through use of Java; Make required
 changes to the database using MySQL.

Develop new features - Use HTML, CSS and Javascript to add new features to the website to
 ensure better usage for our clients. Currently working on implementing the gallery for the buy and
 sell page so users can view images of products; Change all existing Java restful API’s to NodeJS
 API’s to increase loading speeds because the Java web services consumed too much system
 memory, and to reduce on maintenance costs as the whole application would be running on one
 language - Javascript; Enabling discount features to clients who use one of our mobile product
 applications to retail clients that use our website.
Testing - Ensuring whenever new features are added that there are no bugs introduced by them,
 making sure that the features are working as expected, and ensuring that new features work well
 with existing features. 
Security -  Identify and prevent security breaches on the website by regularly checking processes
 on the linux server environment. When a process is found to be acting out of order by either
 consuming too much memory or too much CPU power, an analysis is made on that process to
 verify whether it is suspicious or not. if suspicion, the cause of the malfunction is verified and
 the necessary steps are taken to place on contraint on the cause of the problem so it does not
 happen again; Ensure information on the website is kept safe by installing and maintaining security
 mechanisms such as firewalls and data encryption.
Linux system/server configurations

SSG Programmer at Intel Corporation
April 2013  -  September 2013  (6 months)

I worked for Intel as an intern in a group under Intel SSG(Software Solution Group). I was
 responsible to the ITS client manager UI code design (2nd edition). I used the Java swing
 technology to design the prototype of the ITS client manage and took parted in the requirement
 analysis and use case discussion. I took all the code design and bug fix work of the complex UI
 part. 
The project has received the Intel developer forum innovation award in September 2013 in
 San Francisco. I was a key contributor of the project. Also I have learn not only professional
 programming skills but also how to communicate with my team members and work as a team is the
 key to success. Coordinate and collaborate with team members to achieve the goal.

Web Developer at LeEco
April 2012  -  September 2012  (6 months)

I had an internship with LeEco in China Beijing during April 2012 to September 2012. I was involved
 in the Web UI development for the online store STB(Set Top Box) using mostly HTML5, JavaScript
 and CSS3.

Education
Thompson Rivers University

Bachelor of Computing Science Degree (BCS), Computing Science, 2008 - 2014

Fan Jin
Vancouver, Canada Area
Software Developer at QHR Technologies

1 person has recommended Fan

"I had a great experience working with Fan. He is very helpful and a great team player. I learnt a
lot from him.. Fan’s attention to detail is impressive. He has a great passion to learn new stuff and
a will to constantly improve. He is a very valuable addition to any team and I strongly recommend
him."
—Aamir Islam, Software Developer,  QHR Technologies,  worked directly with Fan at QHR
Technologies

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

