Feihong Yang
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Google, via Zenith

Summary
As a recent Computer and Information Science graduate student with a master degree at University
 of Delaware in May 2015. I have solid knowledge of software engineering, artificial intelligence,
 networking and machine learning. In my projects relate to data analysis in the field of AI, I found it  is
 interesting to design a system and let it help to achieve the goal base on the knowledge provided by
 the data set provided. During the education I spent in the university I also take some course relate to
 statistics in order to strengthen my background in the field. Also in some projects relate to software
 engineering which help me review the knowledge I got during undergraduate and also help me to get
   experience such as requirement analysis, system design and software design.

 Currently I'm working at SkyGlue as a Full Stack Software Engineer, I Implement and test a data
 processing pipeline system to transform data in the proper format, the system is built by python. Also
 I updated the system by applying Spark(Scala) to make it running in distributed environment. In order
 to achieve data visualization, I designed a website using many web tchnologies like HTML, JQuery,
 JSON, REST API, Flask, JavaScript(Highcharts) and CSS, also OAuth(Google Identity Toolkit) is
 applied for user verification from gmail.

  My areas of interest include artificial intelligence, data mining, business intelligence, information
 retrieval, statistics, data driven marketing and software engineering.

Experience
Software Engineer at Google
July 2016  -  Present  (1 year 4 months)

 - Developed data processing pipelines and internal tools to support business processes for the
 Sales & 
Marketing organization.
 - Refactored critical system by moving hardcoded configuration data into a scalable configuration
 interface powered by more ridgede schemas in MySQL.
 - Developed channel management tool for 1000+ users from Google sales team to support client in
 getting better advertisement service, complete with an approval chain for moving Google clients 
 between internal teams.

- Optimized backend code to speed up synchronization process for account assignment with
 internal tool.
- Addressed daily escalations regarding internal AdWords account assignments.
- Refactored email based alerting system for proactive engineering alerts.
- Developed Google internal sales platform synchronization pipeline to update the decision made by
 sales  manager from escalation process.

Software Engineer at SkyGlue.com
October 2015  -  July 2016  (10 months)

I implement and test a data processing pipeline system to transform data in the proper format, the
 system is built by python. Also updated the system by applying Spark(Scala) to make it running in
 distributed environment. 

In order to achieve data visualization, I designed a website using many web tchnologies like HTML,
 JQuery, JSON, REST API, Flask, JavaScript(Highcharts) and CSS, also OAuth(Google Identity
 Toolkit) is applied for user verification from gmail.

student at UD
August 2013  -  May 2015  (1 year 10 months)

Education
University of Delaware
Master's Degree, Computer Science, 2013 - 2015
Xidian University
Bachelor of Science (BS), Computer Software Engineering, 2009 - 2013

Feihong Yang
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Google, via Zenith

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

