Gaston Agustin Lucero Berrini
Argentina
Software and Web Developer en McAfee

Summary
I consider myself a responsible, hardworking and proactive person, I like to acquire new skills, accept
 challenges and grow professionally.

Experience
Software and Web Developer at McAfee
September 2016  -  Present  (1 year 2 months)

• I supported the development team adding unit test and fixing
bugs to ePO java extensions.
• I worked as full stack main developer in a notification service
for ePO cloud through REST API implemented in javascript over
nodeJS, with Redis as storage, and a web interface using angular.

Software Intern at Intel Corporation
March 2015  -  September 2016  (1 year 7 months)

• I implemented a configurable rest API automatic tests based on
its definition using Python and Behave.
• I developed a web user interface to configure and exercise an Intel
IoT simulated device using Python and HTML5 with Bootstrap, I
also worked on the deployment of the tool using AWS services
and Docker containers.
• I designed and implemented an Intel IoT starter kit web management
tool in Python and HTML5 to install, configure and monitor
applications, and provide a web interface to interact with those.

Secretary at Succeso Financiero
July 2013  -  July 2015  (2 years 1 month)

Provide financial counseling to clients, management and sale of terrains and properties.
Administration and payment of taxes.

Manager at ROSH
April 2011  -  May 2013  (2 years 2 months)

Control the stock of the articles for sale, enter to the stock the purchased merchandise,
administration and distribution of employee schedules, administration and payment of

taxes, cashier.

Lift Operator at Hunter Mountain Ski Bowl, Inc.
December 2011  -  March 2012  (4 months)

Check that the lift operate properly, control the operation of the lift, give advices and
assistance to users of the lift.

IT PC Service at Reed Computers
July 2009  -  July 2010  (1 year 1 month)

Diagnose and repair failures of hardware and/or software of the client computers. Sale
of computer items.

Education
Universidad Nacional de Córdoba
Engineering Degree, Computer Engineer, 2010 - 2016

Gaston Agustin Lucero Berrini
Argentina
Software and Web Developer en McAfee

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

