Gong Ke Gouldstone
Greater Boston Area
VP of Product and Technology at WeSpire

Summary
Entrepreneur and technologist with proven ability to launch new products.  End-to-end ownership
 from vision to implementation to market.  A thinker and doer who is always interested in challenging
 work that has high impact.

Specialties: Analytical problem solving; long-term product vision and roadmap; agile development;
 cross-disciplinary thinking; general management and execution of ideas, B2B, B2C.

Experience
VP of Product and Technology at WeSpire
April 2017  -  Present  (7 months)

Lead product, design and engineering teams to create and implement the product roadmap.  Build
 internal processes necessary for efficient execution.  Work closely with enterprise customers
 and sales for user insights and requirements.  Responsible for recruiting and development of
 employees within established budgets.

Associate Director, Mobile Traffic Acquisition at TripAdvisor
July 2015  -  April 2017  (1 year 10 months)

Responsible for global revenue through paid traffic acquisition and monetization on mobile.  Led
 mobile landing page optimization, traffic acquisition on search engines and social platforms and
 attributions.

Business Development Intern at Blade LLC
December 2014  -  January 2015  (2 months)

Business and marketing analysis for Blade's portfolio companies. 

General Management Summer Program - Life Sciences at Danaher Corporation
June 2014  -  August 2014  (3 months)

Responsible for creating a marketing plan for Sanger DNA sequencing at subsidiary company,
 Beckman Coulter Genomics.  This includes conducting target market analysis, customer research
 and competitor analysis and creating a detailed 6-month road map with recommended actions.

Product Manager at Google
2012  -  2013  (1 year)

Responsible for partner management services for display advertising publishers.  This includes
 defining product roadmap and strategy, working closely with engineering teams in NY, Shanghai
 and London to launch new features and engaging existing and prospective clients to ensure that
 their needs are met.

Technical Program Manager at Google
2009  -  2013  (4 years)

Led multiple complex software projects from concept to launch, delivering new customer interaction
 capabilities now in use by AdWords, YouTube, Google Play, Google Wallet and other Product
 Areas.

Technical Account Manager at Real-Time Innovations
January 2009  -  August 2009  (8 months)

Cultivated first customers in the financial industry.  Responsible for the technical success of all
 financial industry customers in the Northeast and manage customer expectations and long-term
 relationships.

Senior Applications Engineer and Consultant at Real Time Innovations
August 2006  -  August 2009  (3 years 1 month)

Designed and implemented real-time distributed data applications.  Led consulting engagements in
 real-time embedded projects for government and defense customers.

Applications Engineer at Real Time Innovations
January 2005  -  August 2006  (1 year 8 months)

Founder & CEO at Ping Ping Chai
October 2002  -  January 2005  (2 years 4 months)

Founded a specialty tea cafe chain (bubble tea) with three retail locations, wholesale customers
 and a diverse team of 30+ part-time and full time employees.  Developed extensive skills in hands-
on business management and operations.  Successful exit of business through a sale.

Project Manager at Akamai Technologies
January 2002  -  October 2002  (10 months)

Software Engineer at Akamai Technologies
December 2000  -  January 2002  (1 year 2 months)

Education
Harvard Business School
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), 2013 - 2015
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
M.Eng, EECS, 1999 - 2000

Massachusetts Institute of Technology
B.S., Electrical Engineering & Computer Science, 1995 - 1999

Gong Ke Gouldstone
Greater Boston Area
VP of Product and Technology at WeSpire

3 people have recommended Gong Ke

"Gong Ke is extremely entrepreneurial. She is bright, hardworking and focused. It was a privilege to
be her adviser as she brought her venture from idea to launch and then grew her business."
—Roman Lubynsky, Instructor,  NSF I-Corps,  was a consultant or contractor to Gong Ke at Ping
Ping Chai

"Gong Ke was the business owner for a cross-team area (traffic acquisition and revenue
optimization for mobile users) for which I was an engineering technical lead at TripAdvisor. Gong
Ke is filled with ideas and passionate about turning them into revenue and volume increases.
Her key strengths are (1) the depth of her business acumen and technical understanding, (2)
the speed at which she is able to adapt her plans and her team toward changed requirements
and new constraints, and (3) the meticulousness with which she shepherds ideas from concept
to deployment. Gong Ke worked well with her engineers; she communicated regularly up and
down the chain about team progress towards goals, she stood with us at the whiteboard to help
diagnose and clear roadblocks, she took the time to understand and adapt to the constraints of our
engineering processes that governed mobile code deployment and data aggregation, she led by
example in using and training others in using our shared tools to increase efficiency (Jira boards,
HipChat rooms, Confluence docs, etc.), and she regularly solicited team members for any feedback
or ideas that could help us move the needle forward on team performance. I especially appreciated
how -- on her own initiative -- Gong Ke took an active mentorship role in advancing my career: She
helped me revise and strengthen my internal project ideas and business cases, worked with me to
build a case for promotion, and guided me toward external resources to bolster my career planning
and communication skills. I look forward to our next opportunity to work together. "
—John Linwood Griffin, Principal Software Engineer,  TripAdvisor,  worked directly with Gong Ke at
TripAdvisor

"Gong Ke is a very smart person. She is very detail oriented and quick learner. She has a very solid
technical background and great people skill. She possesses great talent and systematic tactics in
managing customer relationship and conduct POCs. She would be a great value in any teams."

—Henry Sun, Head of Product Localization China,  Thomson Reuters,  managed Gong Ke
indirectly at Google

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

