Greg Silk
Greater Denver Area
Engineer - Embedded Software at Ball Aerospace

Experience
Engineer - Embedded Software at Ball Aerospace
October 2012  -  Present  (5 years 1 month)

Senior Embedded Software Engineer, Satellite Simulators (2012-Present)
• Led Blackbird Program Simulator project, a classified spacecraft design used to demonstrate
 functionality to potential customers as part of Ball’s RFP process.
o Responsible for strategic planning of simulator functionality, execution of build, and presentation
 and exhibition to buyers, including present capabilities and future scope.
o In its six months’ existence, simulator has successfully secured customers.  Two demonstrations
 have resulted in a $3MM development contract and a likely $100MM product contract, effective
 end of year, 2017.
• Selected to head effort at customer location to implement structure and educate customer on
 design of mission controls and ground system of P992 program.
• Responsible for design, implementation, and verification of Satellite Systems Simulators including
 Skyfox (classified), JPSS – 1 (NASA), WorldView – 3 (Digital Globe).
o Wrote embedded driver-level code to control multi-function IO, 1553 Bus, and serial devices
 (RS432). 
o Implemented and maintained full suite of tests to verify customer requirements.
o Created test plans, applied process controls, supported and responded to customer audit
 reviews.

Component Design Engineer at Intel
January 2010  -  June 2012  (2 years 6 months)

Component Design Engineer - Scan DFT (Design for Test) (2010-2012)
• Responsible for design and verification of Scan logic, a method used in the manufacturing stage
 of processor production.  Scan logic verifies logic connectivity and integrity of the processor’s
 physical design.
• Wrote and maintained an extensive suite of tests to verify scan chains and logic arrays.
• Implemented RTL (Register Transfer Layer) features and improvements.
• Conducted validation progress and “synch meetings” to unite all affected functional design areas.
  To this end, I defined and managed both customer and stakeholder needs and incorporated
 expectations.

Software Engineer at Intel Corporation

March 2007  -  December 2010  (3 years 10 months)

 Logic Verification Engineer (2007-2010)
• Verified and contributed to design for DAF (Digital Activity Factor) Block of Poulson (Itanium®)
 Chip to maintain power thresholds by throttling back the dispersion queues.  This moderated the
 number of simultaneous instructions allowed based on power consumption.
• Owned random code generator (Falcon) which created assembly code instructions which
 exercised and verified the processor core and system interface.
o Triaged failures in RTL, tools and checkers.
o Continually enhanced Falcon’s capabilities to support testability of new RTL features. 

Firmware Developer - Technical Team Lead at Intel Corporation
February 2004  -  March 2007  (3 years 2 months)

Technical Team Lead, Server Management Firmware (2006 – 2007)
Firmware Development Engineer (2004-2006)
• Owned firmware product area on 4-way Xeon® enterprise server, including scope and feature set
 of firmware deliverables.
• Responsible for firmware product area schedule, scope and feature set.
• Maintained functional responsibility and performance oversight for daily for teams of up to 7
 engineers, managing new feature deliverables and drive defect resolution.
• Served as customer interface to Fujitsu-Seimens Corporation Firmware Development Team.
o Chaired both official weekly meetings and spot gatherings as needed with FSC engineers to
 resolve technical issues encountered in firmware development.
o Acted as customer consultant to offer insight and recommendations for design decisions.
o Resolved and debugged (remotely and on-site) any defects and suggested feature
 enhancements.
• Wrote embedded server management firmware for Intel’s enterprise-class servers. 
o Developed in C; ARM architecture, and ThreadX RTOS.
o Owned build and release of code on bi-weekly schedule.
o Implemented Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI) features.
o Maintained open communication with BIOS, Hardware, and Validation engineers to maintain
 coordination amongst functional groups.
o Responsible for feature documentation in Firmware External Product Specifications for customer
 delivery.
Accomplishments: 
• Promoted to Senior Engineer and selected to take on a new role in Fort Collins’ PDC (Processor
 Design Center).
• Successfully launched Server Management Firmware for Intel’s Harwich Enterprise Server both
 on schedule and with full feature set.

• Successfully enabled FSC’s Enterprise Server launch, receiving FSC’s award of
 acknowledgement.

Firmware Validation Engineer at Intel Corporation
January 2002  -  February 2004  (2 years 2 months)

Firmware Validation Engineer, Server Management Firmware Validation (2002-2004)
Firmware Validation Engineer – Intern (Summer, 2001)
• Developed and maintained tools and test scripts for firmware validation written in TCL scripting
 language.
• Created test plans from development documentation including IPMI v.1.5, IPMI v.2.0, and
 Firmware EPS.
• Managed the daily schedule and workload of contracted student employee staff, including
 responsibility for team productivity and deliverables.
• Led training sessions (face-to-face and remotely) and authored corresponding training
 documentation for offshore teams in India and Taiwan.
Accomplishments: 
• One of two summer interns receiving an offer for full time employment out of a class of 12.

Education
University of Colorado Boulder - Leeds School of Business
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), 2015 - 2017
University of Washington
MS, Computer Science, 2004 - 2006
Brigham Young University
BS, Computer Engineering, 1997 - 2001

Greg Silk
Greater Denver Area
Engineer - Embedded Software at Ball Aerospace

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

