Guilherme Campos Camargo
Campinas Area, Brazil
Software Development Engineer

Experience
Software Engineer at Instituto de Pesquisas Eldorado
January 2017  -  Present  (10 months)

Software Development Engineer at Intel Corporation
January 2016  -  January 2017  (1 year 1 month)

Working with a very talented team of engineers and designers on the development of open source
 frameworks to help programmers to implement, simulate, test and integrate with the cloud their
 own cutting edge embedded systems, including drones, robots and other IOT devices.

Developing software mainly in C++ on Linux environment and contributing to various open source
 projects.

Software Engineer at Evolucar - Startup
January 2015  -  January 2016  (1 year 1 month)

Main software developer of a small team of engineers that got together to develop smart
 automotive embedded systems with the goal of improving comfort for the driver and safety for the
 society.
Worked mainly with C and assembly programming for Freescale (NXP) MCUs.

Systems Engineering Intern at Rockwell Collins
June 2013  -  December 2013  (7 months)

Worked as a Systems Engineering intern on the team responsible for providing the avionics for the
 KC-390, the heaviest and most advanced military aircraft ever built by the Brazilian OEM Embraer.

Vice President Of Operations at University of Washington Tacoma - International Students
Association
December 2012  -  June 2013  (7 months)

Helped to organize meetings, discussions and events to promote the inclusion of international
 students at UW Tacoma.

Bioinformatics intern at Laboratório de Genômica e Expressão
March 2011  -  July 2012  (1 year 5 months)

Day-to-day development of scripts, mainly in Perl, Python and Shell-script that were used to
 give sense to the large amount of data generated by genetic sequencers. Development and
 maintenance of user-friendly simple (HTML + Perl + MySQL) websites from where researchers

 could easily gather and compare analyzed data. Mainly responsible for the bioinformatics of Citrus
 (orange, tangerine) organisms.

Robotics and Computational Vision Intern at CTI Renato Archer
January 2011  -  April 2011  (4 months)

Worked in the Department of Robotics and Computer Vision with other scientific initiation students
 in the maintenance of a platform called AURAL, that integrates evolutionary computation, robotics
 and computer vision aiming to autonomously generate complex sonic structures. Responsible for
 developing an operator’s manual for the experimental environment and reformulating the graphical
 interface of the main application.

Education
Universidade Estadual de Campinas
Bachelor's degree, Computer Engineering, 2009 - 2015
Activities and Societies:  Trote da Cidadania
University of Washington
Bachelor's degree, Computer Engineering, 2012 - 2013
Activities and Societies:  International Students Association

Guilherme Campos Camargo
Campinas Area, Brazil
Software Development Engineer

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

