Hanbo Wang
Greater Seattle Area
Software Development Engineer II at Amazon

Experience
Software Development Engineer II at Amazon
November 2016  -  Present  (1 year)

04/2017 - Present: Software Development Engineer II
11/2016 - 03/2017:  Software Development Engineer 

Self-Service Performance Ads
2017.6 - Present: Predictive Modeling and Machine Learning
2016.11 - 2017.6: Verticals

►Mostly Backend Software Development Engineer. Design, implement, test, deploy and support
 scalable software applications.

Technologies: Java, Python, Guice, Spring, Flask, Apache, Amazon Web Services (S3, Redshift,
 RDS, SNS, SQS, IAM), 

Software Development Engineer at Amazon
May 2016  -  November 2016  (7 months)

Financial Intelligence Systems
Query Engine / Data Platform

►Design, implement, test, deploy and support scalable big-data processing back-end software
 applications.

Technologies: Java, Python, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Amazon Web Services (S3, DynamoDB, EMR,
 Data Pipeline, SWF, SNS, SQS, Lambda, IAM)

Software Development Engineer at Amazon Web Services
February 2015  -  May 2016  (1 year 4 months)

Amazon Web Services Networking
Network State Master / Network Storage Platform

►Full-stack Software Development Engineer. Design, implement, test, deploy and support scalable
 frontend and backend software applications.

► Designed and developed a software product that processes a large amount of network traffic data
 and uses pattern matching algorithms to detect the connections between layer-1 optical devices
 and routers. 

Technologies: Java, Python, JavaScript, Spark, Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Amazon Web Services (EC2,
 S3, DynamoDB, EMR, Redshift, RDS, Data Pipeline, SNS, SQS, IAM), Django, Flask, MySQL,
 PostgreSQL, Spring

Software Engineer Intern at Vantiv (Litle & Co.)
May 2014  -  August 2014  (4 months)

Build Environment Refactoring Project,
SDK (Java, Python) ,
Merchant Profile Management Enhancements

►Rewrote and automated daily build report, cross-promote report, production-reason report, and kit-
readiness report in a RESTful way by using Groovy, Grails Java, gsp, SQL and shell script. Wrote
 unit tests for new methods and classes

►Implemented batch support for Litle Python SDK, which allowed merchants to send batched
 transactions to the server through TCP Socket or SFTP and get the response back. Wrote unit and
 integration tests for newly introduced features.

►Restructured Litle Java SDK to Maven directory layout and migrated the build from Ant to Gradle.
 Enabled all libraries to be fetched from Maven Central by replacing opensftp with Jsch and
 specifying compile and runtime dependencies.

►Gained experience of Agile methodology, Extreme  Programming(XP) and Pair Programming
 through daily practices.

BlackBerry C++ Core Application Developer, Student at BlackBerry
May 2013  -  December 2013  (8 months)

SMS-MMS

►Implemented new features and fixed over 50 defects for Text Message core application on
 BlackBerry 10.1, 10.2 and upcoming OS using C++, Qt 4.x Framework, QML, and Git (as the
 version control system).

►Triaged and investigated defects by looking into the code and logs to find the root causes on MKS
 Integrity and JIRA

►Wrote code for SMS-MMS in BlackBerry Blend prototype.

Education
Northeastern University
Master of Science (M.S.), Valedictorian in Electrical and Computer Engineering, Computer
 Engineering / Computer Science, 2012 - 2014
Shanghai Jiao Tong University
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Electrical and Computer Engineering, 2008 - 2012

Hanbo Wang
Greater Seattle Area
Software Development Engineer II at Amazon

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

