Harsh Jain
Greater Los Angeles Area
Software Engineer at TripAdvisor

Summary
I am passionate about creating and building things which impact millions of people.

Experience
Software Engineer at TripAdvisor
April 2016  -  Present  (1 year 7 months)

Working as a full-stack developer across the technology stack including the back-end services,
 front-end servers, native APIs, databases and web interfaces.

Projects:
1. Geo Product Relevancy Mapping
-- Designed and built a framework for creating product ranking algorithms defined as a set of
 scoring functions.
-- The algorithms produced by the framework introduced relevant ranked lists of products for
 locations.
-- This resulted in an increase of 41.42% revenue per shopper in the non-english segment.
2. Product List Servlet
-- Worked on creating and improving a major servlet for Desktop and Mobile Web as well as the
 corresponding service component to surface attraction tours and tickets.
-- Built all the components for several features including availability check, filtering, sorting and
 saving.
3. Contextual Things To Do
-- Created algorithms for generating collections of contextually related items and integrated them
 across platforms.
-- Devised dynamic population of content and built the first in-destination/on-trip experience.
4. Data Funnel
-- Worked on the data models throughout the data funnel to surface and use data from the source.
-- One of the projects led to a 67% decrease in partner API errors reducing the error rate from 1%
 to 0.3%.

Senior Web Developer at Fitness Trainers Network
July 2015  -  September 2015  (3 months)

Built the webapp at fitnesstrainersnetwork.com (full-stack) using PHP, MySQL, jQuery, HTML,
 CSS in a span of 7 weeks. The app can be used to search for personal trainers based on your
 requirements such as location and avialability. It can then be used to connect with the trainer of
 your choice. Other features include user accounts, search system with several more filters, PayPal
 integration for Subscriptions and Checkout, geocoding via Google Maps API for easy address input
 and distance calculations, MapQuest API integration etc. 

Machine Learning R&D Intern at Kumu Wellness
June 2015  -  July 2015  (2 months)

Worked towards building a trainer-client personality matching system based on their conversations
 on the app. The idea was to use a pair-wise ranking algorithm, "RankBoost" by Freund et al (2003),
 based on the boosting meta-algorithm to combine the Big-5 scores of the users and generate the
 ranks.

Founder, Designer, Developer at Hash
June 2012  -  October 2012  (5 months)

Built four personalization and gaming Android apps. "The Joker" had over 200,000 downloads.

Education
University of California, Los Angeles
Master of Science (M.S.), Computer Science, 2014 - 2016
Activities and Societies:  Swimming
B. M. S. College of Engineering
Bachelor of Engineering (BEng), Information Science and Engineering, 2010 - 2014
Activities and Societies:  Event Coordinator at Department Fest
Nazareth Academy
1998 - 2008

Harsh Jain
Greater Los Angeles Area
Software Engineer at TripAdvisor

1 person has recommended Harsh

"I wanted to share my experience with Harsh for a project he worked on within ProAce
International. I met Harsh through his school career service and he applied for redesign of
Fitnesstrainersnetwork.com. His ability to create a better performing website is phenomenal. He
was in constant communication with me when it comes to suggesting new approach to make
the site more user friendly. I was amazed by the quality of his work and performance. He was
very open to my suggestions and he was very creative when sharing his point of view. I would
recommend Harsh to anyone who is looking for a developer. Thanks again. Dr. Dan Amzallag"
—Dr. Dan Amzallag, PhD, M.B.A, C.L.C, Producer and Host of the Scaminator: Eliminating all
Frauds and Scams from the net,  Scaminator,  was Harsh's client

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

