Harsha Hassan Somashekara
Greater Seattle Area
Software Development Engineer at Amazon Web Services

Summary
Software Developer interested in developing software to solve day to day problems.

Software Design and Development, Problem Solving, Exploring and trying out new technologies,
 Algorithms and Data structures.

Experience
Software Development Engineer at Amazon
March 2015  -  Present  (2 years 8 months)

Working as a Developer in Amazon Console Platform team. 
https://aws.amazon.com/

Worked on building a Vendor Self Service Platform in Advertising Platforms(Amazon Marketing
 Portal) Team. Developed systems to adapt Merchandising to Advertising Platforms.

Software Engineering Intern at Cengage Learning
May 2014  -  August 2014  (4 months)

Web Application Development, UI and Back end. Followed Agile and TDD. Worked on AngularJS,
 Node.js, Socket.io and Mongodb.

SAP ABAP Consultant at SAP
March 2011  -  August 2013  (2 years 6 months)

Worked as a Software Developer(Techno Functional). Mainly worked on Financial Accounting
 Functionalities and Material Management. 
Technologies Used: SAP ABAP, Java, SAP HANA, SAP Finance, ABAP objects and Object
 Oriented Programming.

Education
State University of New York at Buffalo
Master's Degree, Computer Science, 2013 - 2015
Visvesvaraya Technological University
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), 2006 - 2010
St. Joseph's High School
2000 - 2004

Activities and Societies:  Quiz Club, Journalism Club

Harsha Hassan Somashekara
Greater Seattle Area
Software Development Engineer at Amazon Web Services

6 people have recommended Harsha

"Good Team player with positive attitude towards his work, willing to share his knowledge. He is
proactive in taking up additional responsibilities. His Strengths are: * Very Good interpersonal skill. *
Solution Oriented, * Analyticial Thinking/Problem Solving"
—Niteesh Rai, Product Owner,  SAP,  managed Harsha at SAP

"Harsha and I worked in the same software group when we were both interns at Cengage Learning.
He is very proactive, self-driven in terms of learning new technologies both inside and outside of
the work. Harsha is also very easy going, humble, and patient. He is always willing to answer any
questions you have. "
—Shawn Feng, Software QA Engineer,  Abbott,  worked directly with Harsha at Cengage Learning

"Harsha was amazing as a mentor to me during my internship at Amazon. He helped me raise
my bar of software development, be it efficient code-structure, or testing, or even documentation.
He showed me that there's almost always a simpler way of doing things, so one should be on the
lookout for such enhancements. He's an excellent SDE himself, and I was happy to have him as my
mentor !"
—Nikhil Kulkarni, Graduate Teaching Assistant,  University of California San Diego,  reported to
Harsha at Amazon

"Harsha and I had a number of very interesting talks. During one I mentioned MongoDB, a NOSQL
database. I compared MongoDB to MySQL but was unclear on some points; Harsha, over the next
several days, took it upon himself to dive into Mongo and to fill me in on his learning as he went. I
think I learned as much as Harsha did and I was thoroughly impressed with Harsha's intense desire
to both learn and share in the process. Harsha knows when to dive in and when to ask questions,
and will be a valuable asset wherever he lands."
—Bob Allen, Agile Coach,  Ford Motor Company via TEKSystems,  managed Harsha indirectly at
Cengage Learning

"Harsha worked on my Amazon Marketing Portal team as an SDE. He is a smart, talented, and
resourceful person, and was instrumental in the success of the team and the product. He is fun to
work with and a great "team player". I'd be happy to work with him again!"
—David Starck, Manager, Transportation Technology, SSP,  Amazon,  managed Harsha at
Amazon

"I have had the privilege of working with Harsha at Amazon Marketing Portal team during the past
7 months, and I can truly say that he has been one of the most, if not the most, influential members
of the team. Not only he was always willing to pick up new challenges, but also tried to focus on
following the best practices and standards. Harsha also has been a great mentor. He listened to my
concerns, and advised me on how I can improve on my weakness. I cannot speak highly enough
about Harsha. He is an outstanding Software Engineer with great passion."
—Jae Sung Jang, Software Development Engineer,  Amazon,  worked directly with Harsha at
Amazon

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

