Ilaria Varriale
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer

Summary
I’m a software engineer who is eager to contribute to meaningful projects. I’ve always been excited
 to learn new things and to determine how they work. With a background in Software Testing and
 Publishing/Localization, I have a wide variety of experiences from working with early stage startups
 to large companies. I thrive in challenging environments where everyone is keen to keep learning
 and do their best! 

I've worked with:
✧ Programming Languages: Python, Ruby, JavaScript
✧ Web Development: REST APIs, AJAX, jQuery
✧ Frameworks: Rails, Sinatra, Flask
✧ Tools: git, arc/phab, jenkins
✧ Databases: postgreSQL, Active Record, SQLite3

  https://github.com/HigitusFigitus
  https://www.linkedin.com/in/ilavarriale
 ilariasvarriale@gmail.com

Experience
Software Engineer at Planet
May 2017  -  Present  (6 months)

Planet creates commercial and humanitarian value with the market's most capable global imaging
 network. Fresh data from any place on Earth is foundational to solving commercial, environmental,
 and humanitarian challenges. Our global sensing and analytics platform unlocks the ability to
 understand and respond to change at a local and global scale.

Quality Assurance Analyst at nWay Inc.
April 2015  -  December 2015  (9 months)

Worked with the Engineering and Design teams in an unstructured, fast-paced environment to
 support frequent and fast releases. Drove continuous improvement efforts to streamline all QA
 processes.

• Tested a free-to-play online multiplayer game on Android and iOS smartphones and tablets,
 utilizing black-box and grey-box testing methods.
• Wrote 20+ test plans and executed 60+ test cases for upcoming features implementations.
• Troubleshooted, reported, and followed up on 300+ defects found.
• Ensured post-launch support for all updates to the title and new feature releases.

Quality Assurance Analyst at Apple
August 2014  -  January 2015  (6 months)

Contributed expertise and performed Software QA analysis and user-oriented component testing.

• Sole linguistic specialist responsible for accuracy, consistency and cultural appropriateness of
 software's localized strings for the Italian market.
• Validated UI localized terminology of a customer-facing suite of three applications before major
 release.
• Discovered, tracked and reported software defects, as well as promoting usability and
 enhancement of components.

Localization & Translation from English to Italian at Freelance
January 2008  -  August 2014  (6 years 8 months)

Completed projects of data sets evaluation, localization testing, translation from English to Italian,
 content writing, editing, and copywriting.

### Freelance Projects Highlights ###

• Penguin Books: Translated Penguin’s Rough Guides from English to Italian.
• Haagen-Dazs: Consulted on “Häagen-Dazs teaches us Italian” commercial for tv and social
 media.
• Shmoop University: Created exercises, drills, and quizzes for American students preparing for the
 Italian SAT and AP exams.
• DeAgostini: Wrote and edited educational content for DeAgostini language apps.
• Evaluated 3500+ visual data sets and reviewed localized strings implemented in online maps.

Copyeditor at McSweeney's
September 2012  -  January 2014  (1 year 5 months)

• Evaluated 200+ short-stories for publishing consideration.
• Copy-edited 10+ issues of “The Believer” magazine.
• Developed, shot and edited McSweeney's video campaign for the book “Momo” by Michael Ende.

Foreign Fiction Editor at Transeuropa edizioni
September 2010  -  August 2012  (2 years)

• Negotiated and acquired the translation rights of 14 publications including titles by Nobel Prize
 winning authors Herta Müller and William Faulkner.
• Edited 67 books and coordinated a team of 11 freelance translators.

Editorial Intern at Edizioni Clandestine
January 2009  -  September 2009  (9 months)

• Supported the marketing team, wrote marketing content and press releases, managed social
 media activities, and contacted journalists, bloggers, and media representatives to expand brand
 awareness and engagement.
• Performed editorial tasks, proofread and edited translations, translated content from English to
 Italian.

Education
App Academy
Bootcamp Prep, Computer Software Engineering, 2016 - 2016
Dev Bootcamp
Computer Software Engineering, 2016 - 2016
Activities and Societies:  2016 SF Bobolinks
Università di Pisa
Master's Degree, Translation Of Post-Colonial Texts in English: Fiction, Non-Fiction, and
 Cinema, 2008 - 2009
Università di Pisa
Bachelor's Degree, History and Philosophy of Science, 2001 - 2007

Ilaria Varriale
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer

2 people have recommended Ilaria

"Working with Ilaria was a true pleasure. She is very thorough, personable, adaptable, reliable and
competent professional. I met Illaria during our work at Apple in the quality assurance process,
and I have observed how focused she can be and goes beyond the scope of what is asked,
often coming up with new edge cases and showing initiative to get to the bottom of a problem.
She contributed to the team by having intuitive understanding of the user potential needs and
frustrations which made her an asset for product improvement. On a personal level, Ilaria is a
wonderful person to be with, open minded, caring, always having a positive attitude and enjoying
the team spirit. I wish all the best in your future endeavors!"
—Maha Abdullah, Arabic Language Lead,  Netflix,  worked directly with Ilaria at Apple

"I worked with Ilaria as her lead at nWay During my time working with her she struck me as a
serious hard working analyst. With a degree higher eye for detail than most regular analysts. She
could be relied upon to know process as soon as we developed it and teach other analysts or team
members if there were questions without a single word from me. I would highly recommend adding
this self starter to any team and know that if you want a eye for detail or someone who can navigate
a fast paced hectic work environment without breaking a sweat Ilaria is the team member for you. "
—Brian Seale, Image Production Project Manager,  Moravia,  managed Ilaria at nWay Inc.

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

