Inho Yong
Greater Seattle Area
SDE at Amazon

Summary
I graduated from Carnegie Mellon University majoring in Electrical and Computer Engineering
 with a focus on Software/Computer Engineering. During my study at Carnegie Mellon University,
 I completed projects that were related to Embedded Software, Web applicaitons, mobile Android
 applications, and Machine Learning. My core skills are related to more of web applications and
 mobile applications, but my interest also lies within algorithm and software programming. I have solid
 knowledge of object-oriented programming and agile software development. By taking a variety of
 courses and participating in various projects, I have been able to develop the skills and decisions in a
 team-based environment.

Experience
Software Development Engineer at Amazon
September 2016  -  Present  (1 year 2 months)

Product Manager at Voci Technologies
February 2016  -  August 2016  (7 months)

Application Engineer at Voci Technologies
September 2014  -  August 2016  (2 years)

Masters Student at Carnegie Mellon University
August 2013  -  September 2014  (1 year 2 months)

Software Development Engineer Intern at Amazon
May 2013  -  August 2013  (4 months)

- Assisted AWS Database team to implement new database product development.
- Designed and implemented a deployment system that will be used for deploying new database
 product on distributed EC2 machines.
- This deployment system will also be used to maintain already deployed machines for updates.
- Demonstrated simple deployment using EC2 within Amazon.

Lab Assistant Intern at KAIST Intelligent Systems & Neurobotics Laboratory
July 2012  -  August 2012  (2 months)

• Helped a team which was working on building a program which analyzes brain signal data to
 move and control robot body using human's brain

• Designed and implemented a simple object recognition program with a remote webcam which will
 be used part of what team is building.

Education
Carnegie Mellon University
Master's degree, Electrical and Computer Engineering, 2013 - 2014
Activities and Societies:  Korean Students Association, KCCP - Spiritual Organization
Carnegie Mellon University
Bachelor's degree, Electrical and Computer Engineering, 2009 - 2014
Activities and Societies:  Korean Student Association

Inho Yong
Greater Seattle Area
SDE at Amazon

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

