James J.
Houston, Texas Area
Software Engineer | DevOps Engineer | Chaos Engineer | Security Researcher | Thought
Leader

Summary
I'm a 40-something technology veteran who in 18 years has been called a software/devops/chaos
 engineer, IT guy (lulz), system engineer, and other fancy titles I cannot recall. I've been around the
 block, once.

I'm industry agnostic although I seem to keep leaning towards the Healthcare and EMS space. 
 Building systems and products that help people is rewarding to me. Code with a purpose!

Coming from a heavy ops/devops/sec background I decided to switch gears 6 years ago and start
 coding, mainly related to the Interwebs.  I'm passionate about what I do and I can't see myself doing
 anything else (unless I win the lotto).

Working on becoming language agnostic although my <3 lies with Ruby.  Once you understand OOP
 design patterns/principles the language is irrelevant.  The right tool to solve the problem, and at
 scale.

College dropout.  Gave college the "ole try" but  realized that they were teaching what I had no
 interest in or didn't apply to the real world.  As a result I'm an autodidact.  If you aren't learning at
 least one new thing to day, you aren't living!

I'm a bit of a character and like to think outside the box.  While I follow conventions and best
 practices, I'm known to hack on things until they work.  Sometimes it's genius, other times it's um less
 than stellar.  But I consider myself innovative to be sure.

Very fond of the startup space and tend to thrive best in small teams or even solo missions.  I'm
 a natural clown so be prepared for great communication with a splash of really bad pirate jokes.
  I've been working remote for the last 5 years and am digging it.  Although remote life rocks, I'm
 fluid enough to sit at a desk in the office and hack with my friends all day (provided there is free
 starbucks).

When asked about my 5 year career goal I literally have a brainfart. No clue where I'll be in 5 years,
 but I know wherever it may be it will involve code and people happy.  Maybe a hands on CTO?
 Hiring?

Experience
Senior DevOps/Software Engineer | Customer Support Engineering Manager | Technical Sales
Manager at FlyData
May 2017  -  Present  (6 months)

FlyData™ automatically loads your data to Amazon Redshift continuously and securely in a matter
 of minutes.
_________________________________
AWS EC2, RDS, S3, EBS, EMR, R53, ELB, IAM, RDS, SQS, CFN, ELB, Redshift
Configuration Management - Ansible, Chef, OpsWorks
Monitoring Solutions - Zabbix, PagerDuty, Cloudwatch, Sensu
CI/CD - Circle CI
Logging - ELK Stack
Databases - MySQL/MariaDB, Postgresql
Web Servers - Apache, Nginx
Big Data - Redshift, Elasticsearch
Automation - Ruby, Python, Bash, CloudFormation, OpsWorks
OS - Ubuntu, CentOS
Software Architecture: Fluentd, Ruby, Rails, Redis, Elasticsearch, Rspec, CircleCI

Cloud architecture and administration, infrastructure design, monitoring, configuration management.
 Big Data, DNS, Automation.

Software/DevOps Engineer at Acute Medical Services, LLC
May 2016  -  May 2017  (1 year 1 month)

• Developing multiple Ruby on Rails applications
• TDD/BDD with heavy focus on Rspec and Capybara
• Continuous integration/Continuous deployment with Circle CI
• Heavy refactoring of legacy code for readability, maintainability, and performance
• DevOps and Infosec best practices
• Infrastructure as Code

Lead Ruby On Rails Developer | DevOps Engineer | SRE at StreetCred Software, Inc
September 2015  -  May 2016  (9 months)

• More Ruby and Rails than you can shake a stick at
• DevOpsy stuff (Sensu, Chef, CI/CD, Docker, ELK)

• System and Network Engineering (I has infrastructure)
• All around helpful guy (I do coffee and lunch runs <3)
• Agile Team lead
• Problem solver, wearer of many hats

Ruby on Rails Developer | DevOps Engineer | SRE at StreetCred Software, Inc
July 2015  -  September 2015  (3 months)

• Rails, Ruby, and friends
• Working on patented technology to bring fugitives to justice
• Making the world a safer place 1 line of code at a time
• DevOps goodness and automation
• Bugsmasher
• More refactoring, because clean/fast code == good

DevOps Engineer | Ruby on Rails Developer at Acute Medical Services, LLC DBA LogicCAD
January 2013  -  July 2015  (2 years 7 months)

• Architected a large scale MSA/SOA SaaS Rails platform for EMS
• Lots of Chef, Ansible, and auto-provisioning
• Ruby, Rails, jQuery, yes folks full-stack
• Customer success and onboarding of new subscribers
• One man dev team (Because I rock?)

DevOps Engineer | Ruby on Rails Developer at Acute Medical Services, LLC DBA HCEMS
January 2012  -  July 2015  (3 years 7 months)
• Built out a full multi-site VPN/MPLS network
• Implemented and managed a small fleet of Linux servers (http/smtp/imap/dns/app)
• Built and implemented multiple Ruby on Rails apps for internal use (Basecamp clone,
 Geolocation, CAD)
* One man Dev/Ops/DevOps team

Independent Consultant (System/Network Administrator) at Independent Consultant
January 2008  -  December 2012  (5 years)

• Linux, Windows, and Mac server engineering
• Network engineering, design, and administration
• Project management
• Managed service provider
• Lots of Wordpress customization and plugin writing (When I knew PHP)
• Web application development

Information Technology Manager | Systems/Network Administrator at Harris County Emergency
Corps

January 2009  -  December 2011  (3 years)

Sr. Network Administrator at Hart Energy Publishing
January 2007  -  January 2008  (1 year 1 month)

• Built and managed medium sized global AD/VPN network
• Implemented Avaya VOIP/SIP phone system for global comms
• Developed internal intranet in Joomla, moved to Wordpress
• System and network engineering and administration
• All around nice guy

Systems Administrator | Call Center Manager at Zakhem Group (AcademicPlanet)
August 2000  -  January 2007  (6 years 6 months)

Education
University of Alberta
Software Architecture, 2017 - 2017
University of Alberta
OOP Design Patterns, 2017 - 2017
University of Alberta
Service-Oriented Architecture, 2017 - 2017
University of Alberta
Object Oriented Design, 2017 - 2017
Harvard University
CS50x, CS50x, 2016 - 2017
Ecole polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne
Functional Programming in Scala Specialization, 2016 - 2016
University of California, San Diego
Big Data Specialization, 2015 - 2016
Rice University
An Introduction to Interactive Programming in Python (Coursera), 2015 - 2015
Safari Online
RHCSA Certification, 2015 - 2015
Stanford University
Programming Abstractions, 2015 - 2015
The Johns Hopkins University
Practical Machine Learning (Coursera), 2015 - 2015
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
Cloud Computing Applications, 2015 - 2015
CS169.1x via UC Berkeley
SaaS Ruby on Rails/Engineering Software as a Service, 2014 - 2014
UDEMY
MCITP Certification Training, 2014 - 2014

Udemy
VCP Certification Training, 2014 - 2014
UDEMY
CCNA Bootcamp, 2013 - 2014
Citrus College
Computer Science, 1996 - 1996
Coursera
Essential Cloud Infrastructure: Foundation
Coursera
Data Engineering on Google Cloud Platform Specialization
Stanford University
Machine Learning

James J.
Houston, Texas Area
Software Engineer | DevOps Engineer | Chaos Engineer | Security Researcher | Thought
Leader

10 people have recommended James

"One of the best and unique manager I’ve met. He’s the type who empowers his colleagues and
strives to make sure they keep on advancing even if it means more work for him. He’s a mentor/
teammate available 24/7 (but be considerate of course, he has cats and a dog). A total powerhouse
equipped with both technical and soft skills and can even be a one man team, I would tag him as
the Kobe Bryant of FlyData. He handles sales, support and dev. Our company keeps on improving
and I must say his contributions are helping a lot. I’m very proud and thankful to be working with
him (yup, it’s a privilege). 

I would highly recommend him and pretty sure he’ll come up on top on whatever position or
responsibilities will be given to him."
—John Francis Alvarez, Technical Support Associate,  FlyData,  reported to James at FlyData

"Overachiever is the phrase that comes to mind when I think about James. I’ve the joy of pair
programming with James for almost a year and have seen great improvement in his skills as a
developer over that time. We worked together on a CAD SaaS platform and James quickly came
up to speed on all aspects of full-stack development, but his primary strength is backend Rails and
Ruby. Above all I was impressed with James’ tenacity, true grit, and his extreme thirst for learning.
James would be a true asset for any position requiring Ruby on Rails experience and comes with
my sincere recommendation. Regards,"
—Evan R, Software Engineer,  HomeLight,  worked directly with James at Acute Medical Services,
LLC DBA HCEMS

"James Jelinek is a very hard worker and a perfectionist. He likes to get things right the first time!
He is very knowledgeable about ALL aspects of Information Technology and will work around
the clock in problem solving. He is very thorough and precise and strives to get things done in a
timely manner. He is diligent about informing coworkers of when he can assist and usually had the
problems solved in a minimal amount of time. He is a "techy" so he works well by himself, but also

does great in a team environment. He's a nice guy and very personable. Do I recommend James
Jelinek? You bet I do!"
—Deborah Guidry, Unemployed HR Coordinator,  Not Applicacable,  worked directly with James at
Harris County Emergency Corps

"James is a great developer and team member, will do anything to get the job done!"
—Colton Seal, Software Engineer,  Bypass POS,  worked directly with James at StreetCred
Software, Inc

"I have had the pleasure of working with James for over five years, and have found his growth and
commitment to be inspiring. He is a dynamic IT professional of the highest caliber and an innovative
self-start, who excels in a high-level of independence and accountability. He handles pressure well
and is adept at problem identification and resolution. James is an invaluable asset to any team, and
I highly recommend him!"
—Nancy Machuca, Alarm Management Coordinator,  Genesis Energy, L.P.,  worked indirectly for
James at Zakhem Group (AcademicPlanet)

"James was always available and willing to help resolve IT issues for me when I worked with
him at Hart. He was skilled, competent, and able to resolve problems quickly - and I enjoyed the
interesting discussions we had while he addressed my computer issues."
—Judy Murray, Professional Writer,  Self-Employed,  worked with James at Hart Energy Publishing

"I worked with James for several years at Acute Medical Services and he was definitely top notch
when it came to all things technology. He single-handedly wrote our CAD software which later
turned into a subscription service called LogicCAD. James is very personable, lots of fun to talk to,
always willing to go the extra mile, and his high competent both in infrastructure and development.
James was a valuable asset to the company and I hope to work with him one day again soon.
Highly recommended!"
—Philip Hardcastle, Emergency Medical Technician,  Northwest Community Health,  worked
directly with James at Acute Medical Services, LLC

"Very few people have the opportunity to work with someone who can act as a mentor, coach,
manager, and friend, all the while maintaining a professional demeanor - but I did each and
every time I work with James. I have been following James via Linkedin for quite some time, and
the insight I have gained from his articles and posts have proven valuable time and time again.
Working directly with James furthered my knowledge and proficiencies by leaps and bounds. I was
impressed by James's ability to help others learn and improve while encouraging their progress and
work. Every time James presented suggestions or advice it was clear it came from a person who

truly wanted to see you grow and improve. I look forward to continuing to work with and learn from
James. He has proven many times over to be a strong and passionate leader. He would be a great
asset to any team, and I really am grateful everyday that he is part of ours. "
—Jason Colyer, Support Engineer,  FlyData,  reported to James at FlyData

"James was probably the most talented SA I've ever worked with. He was always focused on
keeping his customers (internal and external) happy and on staying abreast of the technology
curve. He also had quite a business sense for a tech guy!"
—Glen Blackmon, Managing Principal and Founder,  Trinity Advisory Services LLC,  managed
James at Zakhem Group (AcademicPlanet)

"James is a hard worker and fast learner. We paired together when he was learning Ruby on Rails
and came up to speed on all aspects of web development very quickly. He worked really well on a
team and I would absolutely recommend him."
—Chris Oliver, Founder / Lead Developer,  GoRails,  was with another company when working with
James at Acute Medical Services, LLC DBA HCEMS

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

