Jennifer Treichler
Portland, Oregon Area
Software Designer VI at Micro Focus

Summary
Responsible engineer with good problem solving and communications skills, and able to meet
 deadlines. Experience designing and implementing large data processing and presentation
 applications using Java, C++, Spring, Tomcat, and more.   Proficient in object-oriented analysis and
 design. Developing theoretical and practical skills and experience in deriving knowledge from data at
 scale.  Able to successfully direct a project from conception to delivery. Effective team member with
 strong ability to work independently.  

Experience
Software Designer VI at Micro Focus
August 2017  -  Present  (3 months)

Feature Team Lead for multi-threaded, high throughput Security Information and Event
 Management (SIEM) tools. 

Software Designer VI at Hewlett Packard Enterprise
August 2014  -  August 2017  (3 years 1 month)

Sustaining Team Lead, directed product patch development

Senior Development Engineer II at Raytheon Applied Signal Technology
January 2005  -  August 2014  (9 years 8 months)

- Development of products to derive and visualize complex networks
- Data store design and management
- Signals Analysis

Research Assistant at University of Michigan
May 2004  -  December 2004  (8 months)

Contributed to creation of a fully functional pipeline simulator in C++

Engineering Intern at Intel Corporation
March 2003  -  August 2003  (6 months)

Developed user interface and infrastructure for management of existing data stores

Education
University of Washington

Certificate, Data Science, 2015 - 2016
University of Michigan
MSE, Computer Science, 2001 - 2004
Activities and Societies:  Tau Beta Pi
University of California, Berkeley
BS, Civil Engineering, 1995 - 1999
Activities and Societies:  Chi Epsilon

Jennifer Treichler
Portland, Oregon Area
Software Designer VI at Micro Focus

1 person has recommended Jennifer

"Jenny is an excellent engineer. Her attention to detail and ability to multi-task on a massive scale
enable her to be successful no matter what is thrown at her, and her technical expertise is broad,
deep, and helpful. She thinks outside the box and is an integral part of the team's success. She is a
pleasure to work with!"
—Michael Lumsden, CISSP, Engineering Manager,  Marketo,  worked directly with Jennifer at
Hewlett Packard Enterprise

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

