Jesse Spears
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Developer

Summary
I'm a C/C++ programmer with expertise in computer security.  I currently develop high-reliability,
 multi-threaded native applications in C, x86, ARM, PowerPC, and Python for secure networked
 services.  I perform reverse engineering, vulnerability analysis, and protocol analysis to develop
 interoperable applications and add features to unsupported software.  I am experienced in object-
oriented design, optimization, and software engineering for the enterprise.

Experience
Software Engineer, Site Reliability Engineering at Uber
July 2016  -  Present  (1 year 4 months)

Engineering Security (EngSec)

Software Developer at Rackspace, the #1 managed cloud company
October 2014  -  July 2016  (1 year 10 months)
Software Developer at Mailgun (Rackspace)

Vulnerability Researcher / Exploit Developer at N/A
January 2012  -  October 2014  (2 years 10 months)

I developed high-reliability, multi-threaded native applications in C, x86, ARM, PowerPC, and
 Python for secure networked services. I performed reverse engineering, vulnerability analysis, and
 protocol analysis to develop interoperable applications and add features to unsupported software.

Software Development Intern at Booz Allen Hamilton
May 2010  -  August 2011  (1 year 4 months)

I completed a Microsoft Office Add-in in C# .NET to serve as a front-end for validating, fixing, and
 submitting documents to an application server via SOAP messages.  I also lead a team of interns
 to create a set of web-scraping plugins for the Maltego open source intelligence platform.  I created
 an interface for a directed graph to calculate Social Network Analysis metrics for social networks in
 Python.

Marine Security Guard at U.S. Department of State
July 2005  -  September 2008  (3 years 3 months)

I controlled access to U.S. Embassy facilities and controlled areas, monitored security alarms
 and camera equipment, and served as an armed contingency for the defense of the embassy
 personnel and property.

Test, Measurement, and Diagnostic Equipment Technician at United States Marine Corps
November 2001  -  July 2005  (3 years 9 months)

I troubleshot and repaired electronic test equipment at the component level using signal, digital
 logic, and voltage analysis using oscilloscopes, digital logic analyzers, and multimeters.  I also
 calibrated electronic and mechanical test equipment in accordance with Naval Air calibration
 procedures.

Education
University of Maryland College Park
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Computer Science, 2008 - 2012
Activities and Societies:  UMD Cyber Security Club
University of Maryland College Park
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Computer Science
Activities and Societies:  Computer Security Engineering Club

Jesse Spears
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Developer

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

