Jinal Shah
Austin, Texas Area
Senior Software Engineer at Visa

Summary
Areas of expertise:

✔ Software Development: J2EE, Spring MVC / Boot, Hibernate, Struts, MEAN stack, MySQL
✔ Web UI Development: AngularJS / Angular 2.0, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, Ajax, Bootstrap
✔ Data Analytics and Data Mining: Apache Spark
✔ Cloud Computing Technologies: Amazon AWS
✔ DevOps & Automation: Jenkins, Bitrise, Selenium, Cucumber, Junit, Jacoco, Mockito, Sonar Qube

Experience
Senior Software Engineer at Visa
July 2016  -  Present  (1 year 4 months)

✔ Winner of Engineer’s Choice award, for publishing a white paper and presenting a demo on a
 next generation payment solution. 
✔ Winner of Visa Global Hackathon 2016 for #MakeLifeEasier theme – “Self-Healing Services"
✔ Working on B2B commercial web application using J2EE, MySQL, Spring, Hibernate and
 Angular 2.0 technology stack (Full Stack Development).
✔ Managing build cycle using Jenkins and performing various QA tasks including automation.

Engineering Intern at Appthority
February 2016  -  May 2016  (4 months)

✔ Developed a test harness – a test automation solution for Appthority’s SaaS solutions and mobile
 apps.
✔ Configured continuous integration and mobile app distribution environment.

Graduate Student and Teaching Assistant at San Jose State University
February 2015  -  May 2016  (1 year 4 months)

Cloud Computing | Enterprise Software Technologies | Precalculus | Calculus 
✔ Involved in setting up the project codebase & technology stack for the professor.
✔ Conducted project discussion sessions. 
✔ Quiz and exam grader.
✔ Proctor & Lab Assistant.

Service Engineering Intern at TiVo

June 2015  -  August 2015  (3 months)

✔ Improved marshalling performance by 88% and reduced memory consumption by 99% by
 replacing the existing marshaller with the customized Jackson marshaller and building a cached
 validation map asynchronously.

✔ Build and Deploy service components based on TiVo's feeds platform.

Assistant System Engineer at Tata Consultancy Services
December 2012  -  July 2014  (1 year 8 months)

✔ Saved 50% of data entry time by developing a WYSWYG component which automatically
 converts data to HTML. 
✔ Implemented Assessment and Arrears & Recovery modules in Madhya Pradesh Government 
 Taxation Management System using J2EE, Spring, Hibernate, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, CSS and
 Oracle 11g.
✔ Part of the TCS Master Craft testing (automation) team.

Java Web Developer at Wishtree Technologies
May 2012  -  November 2012  (7 months)

✔ Proposed and implemented an idea which helps society users to quickly communicate with
 service vendors.
✔ Reduced 70% development cost by utilizing existing resources and implementing it using jQuery
 mobile.

Project Trainee at Tata Consultancy Services
December 2011  -  April 2012  (5 months)

✔ Learned the concepts of Web Development, J2EE and their implementation along with Struts,
 Spring and Hibernate.

Student Member at IEEE
January 2009  -  January 2010  (1 year 1 month)

Student Member

Education
San Jose State University
Master’s Degree, Computer Software Engineering, 2014 - 2016
Ganpat University
Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.), Computer Engineering, 2008 - 2012

Jinal Shah
Austin, Texas Area
Senior Software Engineer at Visa

4 people have recommended Jinal

"During his time with Wishtree, Jinal exhibited good programming skills and was quick to
understand the requirements. He would be a good addition to any software development team. All
the best."
—Ravishankar Iyer, Founder, Sqoolz,  Sqoolz,  managed Jinal at Wishtree Technologies

"Jinal was very enthusiastic in his endeavors and eager to learn and implement new ideas which
helped the project"
—Aashka Shah, Senior Software Engineer,  Apttus,  worked directly with Jinal at Tata Consultancy
Services

"I mentored Jinal during his summer internship at Tivo. Jinal is a capable developer with a bright
future. He was able to follow directions and complete his tasks. He is a good communicator and
easy to work with. "
—Hamza Zineddin, Cloud Service Architect,  Tivo,  managed Jinal at TiVo

"Jinal was an exceptional intern: he was given the task of automating mobile app builds and did
so quickly, efficiently, and elegantly. He proved his ability to work with little direction while still
respecting requirements. On top of this, he was a great guy. I wish I could have worked more with
Jinal!"
—Billy Gong, Staff Engineer,  Slack,  managed Jinal at Appthority

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

