Joan Canéus
San Francisco Bay Area
Senior Software Engineer at Dell

Summary
Hardworking, proactive, creative, and meticulous engineer with experience in system software
 (Linux and Windows), Hypervisor (KVM), Linux kernel device drivers, board bring up, R&D for next
 generation of thin/zero client platform for Virtual Desktop Infrastructure application, enhancement
 brain surgical medical device through creative engineering solutions... etc. 

Failure is always an opportunity to learn something new so I am always very enthusiastic about R&D
 projects. I believe that the best projects are the ones that do not make sense at first try, and will work
 night and days if needed to meet deadlines. 

Some of my past projects includes, but not limited to, R&D in future ARM client platform, Windows
 COM drivers implementation for virtual desktop infrastructure, Linux device drivers porting,
 Embedded OS drivers porting/development, firmware for DSP and various type of Microcontroller,
 PCB design using Altium designer suite, R&D in brain surgical medical devices, Robotics application,
 and so on...

My leisure time is usually spent working on some personal R&D projects encompass several
 different Areas (Huge interest in Brain Computer Interaction). Feel free to contact me at
 joancaneus@gmail.com for any employment opportunities.   

Experience
Senior Software Engineer at Dell
September 2017  -  Present  (2 months)

Software Dev Engineer (Operating Systems/Firmware/Boot-loader) at Dell
February 2015  -  September 2017  (2 years 8 months)

 Responsible of all kernel device drivers porting/development for Dell Wyse Embedded Linux (I2C,
 SPI, DP, Audio, eMMC, Wireless, Wake On Lan... etc) while working closely with ODM/OEM and
 partners.
 Accomplished several device drivers tasks working closely with Dell WTOS (proprietary
 embedded OS) leading to the release of Dell Latest Thin Client in Q1 2017.
 Manage R&D projects with ODM Partners across North America and Asia.  

 Performed lots of R&D in various area of Could Client Computing and turned ideas into approved
 projects (ARMv8 + Android). 
 Board Bring up with Dell embedded OS (Embedded Linux & WTOS Kernel)
 Developed COM drivers in C++ for new VDI protocol (Windows OS)
 Debugged Kernel Device drivers starting at the firmware level (BIOS/UEFI).
 Worked on Bringing up KVM (Hypervisor) on ARM hardware that uses U-Boot as bootloader
 Accomplished various BIOS firmware tasks and RTOS (FeeRTOS) 
Developed various system software(Networking, IPC mechanisms, multi-threading and memory
 management)
 Mentored summer software engineer interns.
 Strong Programming (C/C++/Assembly) , communication and inter-personal skills.

Software Engineer Intern at Dell
May 2014  -  August 2014  (4 months)

  WTOS SDK testing package for intel bay trail (2807) hardware platform
 Troubleshooting hardware and software for thin clients
  Embedded software in C for various operating system related tasks
 Debug and Modify stage 2 of GRUB 0.93 for specific software applications
 WTOS Wireless device driver porting

Software/Hardware Engineer at University of Florida
March 2014  -  May 2014  (3 months)

 Flight Simulation PCB design project        
• Design complex PCB that can interact to a flight simulation host software application

Hardware/Embedded Software Engineer at Medtronic Inc sponsored project (Integrated Process and
Product Design/University of Florida)
August 2013  -  May 2014  (10 months)

 Implemented different embedded solutions to monitor irrigation flow for brain surgical device
 Developed and optimized system level design for hardware and software implementation
 Designed complex PCB with microcontroller and loadcell sensor that can monitor irrigation flow
 Implemented embedded software in C

Software Engineer (Undergraduate Research) at University of Florida
August 2013  -  December 2013  (5 months)

 Compiler and Micro-Processor Design Project                   
• Design target description files using LLVM backend for digital CPU

Software/System Engineer Intern at Flavorful corp
May 2010  -  August 2010  (4 months)

 Worked with clients to establish an automated high-tech office
 Develop and implement software in C/C++ for health related projects

Education
University of Florida
Masters in Computer Engineering, 2017
University of Florida
Bachelor in Electrical and Computer Engineering (Cum Laude), 2014

Joan Canéus
San Francisco Bay Area
Senior Software Engineer at Dell

1 person has recommended Joan

"I have never met a more hardworking, selfless, and kind individual. This summer, I have had the
great fortune of being Joan’s mentee. Joan singlehandedly taught me the ins and outs of COM
object implementations, bootloader debugging, and much more. Furthermore, he made me feel
comfortable in the office by introducing me to the whole team and always made himself available to
assist me with anything. Most importantly, he showed me what life is like in a fast-paced, research
environment. He let me work on many different aspects of a big project, so I could be exposed to as
many different topics as possible.. Aside from what he taught me on a technical level, Joan served
as a great role model for me. He makes anyone he speaks with feel important and always knows
how to maintain his composure in difficult situations. Everyone who has the pleasure of interacting
with Joan knows that he is a fun, friendly, and unbelievably smart individual. I will be forever grateful
for all that Joan has taught me this summer and cannot recommend him highly enough. Anyone
who is lucky enough to work with Joan will immediately understand what an asset he is to any team
he works with or project he contributes to. "
—George Matelich, Culinary Intern,  The Red Hen,  reported to Joan at Dell

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

