Johann Kerbrat
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Airbnb

Summary
Senior Software Engineer with over 9 years of experience, passionate about technology and product
 strategies, with a strong entrepreneurial and leadership mindset.

Experience
Software Engineer at Airbnb
February 2017  -  Present  (9 months)

Tech Lead, Commerce and Revenue at Tilt.com
November 2015  -  February 2017  (1 year 4 months)

• Led several product initiatives to grow e-commerce potential of product, such as a merchant
 analytics and flexible fee structures; Managed projects end to end, including project definition with
 stakeholders, feature implementation, engineering task management, and success metric tracking 

• Reduced technical debt and improved engineering velocity by rewriting PERL code to ReactJS; 
 Migrated one legacy PERL web project (140K+ lines) to ReactJS and ExpressJS

• Architectured and implemented a new event ticketing system across all Tilt Platforms (web, iOS,
 Android). Launched and managed the adoption of early users hosting up to 5k person events in
 multiple countries

• Drove a data-driven approach and mindset across all of our teams in an effort to raise the quality
 of our decision making

• Mentored other engineers through pair programming, code reviews, and internal/external technical
 talks

Lead Front-End Engineer at Milestone Project Inc.
May 2014  -  November 2015  (1 year 7 months)

• Led team of five software engineers on the development of a web application

• Integrated and re-engineered an acquired photo management app into current stack

• Developed a video management platform using HTML5 / Flash and HLS

• Built a music library with an audio player and playlist management using React and implemented
 a list element recycling system to improve memory consumption

• Integrated Chromecast for content (audio, video, photos) streaming and display

• Created a JavaScript template engine for Backbone framework with React components. Improved
 the responsiveness of the web application without having to rewrite most of the codebase

Founder & Head of Software Engineering at MagAvenue
May 2007  -  May 2014  (7 years 1 month)

• Founded and grew web-agency focused on ecommerce, mobile apps, and website development
 servicing 2, 500+ clients across several industries

• Developed and managed various commercial websites generating a revenue up to $4M

• Managed development end to end and team of three engineers, from core development to CMS
 extensions, bank linking, and web services implementation

• Led front-end development projects from mockup integration to adaptive design

• Developed a Facebook application, linking various CMS to Facebook (30,000+ downloads)

• Received Prestashop Award for Best Prestashop Module, 2010

Teacher at Supinfo University
2009  -  2011  (2 years)

• Taught high level HTML/CSS, PHP and Oracle/SQL to classes of 50 students

• Demonstrated technical knowledge and strong coaching skills

• Prepared courses and assessments, and served on dissertation jury

Education
SUPINFO - The International Institute of Information Technology
Master of Science (MSc), Computer Software Engineering, 2007 - 2012
Oxford Brookes University
Master of Science (MSc), Computer Software Engineering, 2012

Johann Kerbrat
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Airbnb

8 people have recommended Johann

"Johann is one of the most reliable and knowledgeable engineers I have ever worked with. He is
rigorously versed in all layers of the stack (I particularly appreciated his SQL expertise) and knows
how to choose the best tools to craft a well-scaled solution. In addition, Johann has an unparalleled
work ethic and spirit. He is extremely reliable and very reactive. He is firm and empathetic with the
people he manages. He can foster a positive work culture while still holding his team to ambitious
and tough goals. I worked with Johann at StreamNation. When he joined, he unexpectedly inherited
leadership of the front-end products. The company pivoted and Johann had to re-engineer a new
product from the ground up. He worked tirelessly and managed to harness the energy of his team
to ship an impressive product in very good time."
—Emmanuel Turlay, Machine Learning Engineer,  Instacart,  worked directly with Johann at
Milestone Project Inc.

"Johann is the type of engineer that is a constant delight to work with. He is extremely strong
technically on multiple platforms, and is also a great learner and can pick up new languages,
technologies and concepts very quickly. He constantly seeks out work that is the most important,
even when this means it isn’t the most highly visible or flashiest. When you tie this technical ability
with his product sense, you find an engineer that is pushing the technology and the product forward
in really meaningful ways. Johann is also an exceptional mentor, mixing various techniques to
help the entire engineering team get better. These include strong, helpful code reviews, leading by
example through important, complex, and well tested refactorings, pair programming and tech talks.
In summary, Johann is extremely technical, understands user’s needs well enough to find the most
impactful work, humble about his abilities, and an incredible teacher. I look forward to many more
years of working with Johann."
—Gabe Westmaas, Engineering Manager,  Airbnb,  managed Johann at Tilt.com

"I feel very lucky to have had the opportunity to work with Johann. Along with his expertise at all
levels of the stack and his exceptional software capabilities, Johann is a great team leader and
pushes the team forward, even when things are tough, to ship a high quality product quickly. He
had to manage a team of junior developers alone, while re-engineering a new product from the

ground up on the front-end web and delivered impressive results. We worked together with the
product team on the global engineering and the communication between the front-end product and
the API. It was both challenging and productive. I'd be glad to work with him again, whenever he
wants!"
—David Bonnet, iOS Software Engineer, Founder,  Harpp,  worked with Johann at Milestone
Project Inc.

"I've worked with Johann for over a year both across teams, and as his manager, and I can say that
in both cases it has been an absolute pleasure. Johann brings amazing insights both technically
and at the product level that consistently push the envelope and improve the product (and team)
on all fronts. He's a passionate, driven contributor who will constantly stretch himself and the
team towards the best outcomes he can. I'm consistently impressed by his technical prowess and
decision-making, and the speed at which he ramps up on new things. I'm extremely confident that
Johann can learn, and even excel at anything thrown his way. Any team is lucky to have Johann on
board, and I wouldn't hesitate even a moment to work with him again."
—William Wolf, Engineering Manager, Payments,  Airbnb,  managed Johann at Tilt.com

"Johann is one of the most talented people I had the chance to work with, great team member,
great person, problem-solver and a precise guy. Johann can not only be counted on to deliver
on-time, but he is committed to delivering a quality app with a focus on architectural correctness.
He stays informed of the latest front-end toolkits and knows when to use open source correctly.
Even rarer is his ability to lead the team or work independently. Aside from hands-on programming
expertise in a variety of areas, he is also a great mentor to those less experienced. He also has a
great sense of design and products UI. Having Johann in a team is a real benefit, he can raise the
bar"
—Guillaume SALVA, Full stack engineer,  Holberton School,  worked directly with Johann at
Milestone Project Inc.

"Johann has a rare blend of technical ability, user empathy, and business understanding. He is
able to iterate extremely quickly on feature development and has a keen eye for creative ways
to implement and validate business goals in the product. He very quickly made improvements to
all parts of the stack, from web and mobile to product management and business strategy. He hit
ambitious goals and deadlines with demanding clients while also inspiring excellence and morale
in the people around him. I hope to work with Johann again in the future, and he is one of the first
people I'd call to work on a new project or venture."
—Henry Liu, Data Engineering Lead,  Tilt.com,  worked directly with Johann at Tilt.com

"Johann is the best hire that our tightly-knit, five-person team ever made at Tilt.com. The impact
he made in his first 30 days took our product (Tilt's enterprise offering, Tilt Pro) and our team
morale to levels beyond what I've ever witnessed with a new engineer joining a product I was
PM'ing. His work touched every part of our stack, including a significant React re-write, a brand
new, CSS animation-heavy, landing page, and a dynamic onboarding tool for users that led to a
200%+ increase in revenue-generating conversions over a two month period. His quick promotion
to the Tilt Commerce team left us wishing we had more time to learn from his incredible speed,
thoughtfulness, and empathy for users -- we'd all jump at the chance to work alongside Johann
again."
—Matt LeBel, Ecommerce Developer,  Custom Pre-Order and Deposit flows,  worked directly with
Johann at Tilt.com

"Johann is an exceptional product & technical leader with keen intellect, technical aptitude, and
market knowledge. He is results-oriented, direct and driven. He is a strong collaborator and subject
matter expert; particularly in commerce and identifying creative technical solutions. I loved working
with Johann as he made folks around him better and brings his absolute best every single day. I
highly recommend Johann and would not hesitate to work with him again."
—Nishan Sivathasan, Digital Strategy & Business Development,  JCPenney,  worked directly with
Johann at Tilt.com

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

