Jon Sadka
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer, Visualization at Uber

Summary
jonsadka.com [blog]
bl.ocks.org/jonsadka [visualization snippets]

I am a full-stack software engineer specializing in architecting and creating single page applications
 using javascript. I typically build these client-side apps using modern front-end frameworks, such
 as React, and use d3.js to handle user interactive data visualization components / widgets that are
 responsive and update in real time.

I come from a strong structural engineering background, having just earned my Master’s of Science
 in Structural Engineering. This degree combined with my undergraduate experience in Architectural
 Engineering puts me right in the middle of this amazing intersection of design and engineering, which
 I have applied to my software engineering profession.

Experience
Software Engineer, Visualization at Uber
November 2016  -  Present  (1 year)

Software Engineer at Lever
November 2014  -  October 2016  (2 years)

Building sweet features at Lever

Engineer I at Simpson Gumpertz & Heger Inc.
April 2012  -  July 2014  (2 years 4 months)

• Lead building envelope engineer on commercial and public construction projects ranging between
 $10 million to $600 million, with an emphasis on risk management. Projects include:
  - Historic sports arena: Los Angeles Forum, Inglewood, CA
  - 38 story high rise: 10th & Market Residences, San Francisco, CA
  - 23 story high rise: 8th & Hope, Los Angeles, CA
• Resolved complications arising during construction and presented solutions to the construction
 team using technical drawings, 3D models, and comprehensive reports in two-day turnarounds. 
• Directed field investigations and litigation support for senior principals in the firm.

Education
University of Southern California
Master of Science (M.S.), Structural Engineering, 2012 - 2014
California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Architectural Engineering, 2007 - 2012
Activities and Societies:  SEAOC, AEI, Cal Poly Men's Lacrosse Team

Jon Sadka
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer, Visualization at Uber

4 people have recommended Jon

"Jon is a skilled and self-driven individual, who takes ownership of difficult projects while also
finding time to help set members of our sales team up for success. A rare breed of engineer who
can both build extraordinary technical features and then succinctly communicate their benefit and
how they work, he has effortlessly bridged the gap between internal teams. Since I started at Lever,
my conversations with Jon have undoubtedly improved both my knowledge of the product and
effectiveness as a salesperson."
—Sean Henwood, Customer Account Executive,  Lever,  worked with Jon at Lever

"Jon Sadka is truly an extraordinary individual. He has been a core asset at Lever. His contribution
to Lever was not limited to the Engineering team. His willingness and promptness to go above and
beyond his daily tasks has been recognized day in and day out. He is always one of the first people
I turn to when an internal issue is at hand. His successful efforts has made him one of the main
cogs at Lever."
—Andrew Lui, Senior Implementation Consultant,  Lever,  worked directly with Jon at Lever

"Jon is a cross-functional ninja. He works just as well with his engineering team as he does with the
sales team. I've seen him push code and then walk over to the sales team to provide some data
migration advice, and then head over to marketing to provide context about a new feature. He's
always at the ready to lend a hand and is willing to take the time to make sure others around him
have what they need before he dives in on his own projects. Jon is also a fantastic teammate--
whether I have a question or I'm just saying hello, Jon is always available to keep cultivating the
special environment we have at Lever. "
—Amanda Bell, Director of Recruiting,  Lever,  worked with Jon at Lever

"Being a recruiter at Lever provides me with the opportunity to closely work with the design and
engineering teams as they build out our future products. Jon is at the fore front of some of our
biggest endeavors and works relentlessly to hit his deadlines. Jon is the ultimate professional with

a personality- he is just as comfortable talking about politics and sports as he is about the new code
he is currently entrenched in! "
—Michael Gallagher, Sales Recruiter,  Lever,  worked with Jon at Lever

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

