Josh Ransom
Phoenix, Arizona Area
Lifelong Engineer and Entrepreneur

Summary
Lifelong Engineer passionate about delivering innovative enterprise solutions on a global scale.

Technical leader experienced with delivering world class service to customers through heavily utilizing
 automation.

Experience
Senior Software Engineer at American Express
April 2017  -  Present  (7 months)

Software Engineer 1 at American Express
January 2016  -  April 2017  (1 year 4 months)

[React, redux, NodeJS]

Engineered an application framework responsible for enabling teams to deliver continuous web
 experiences on a global scale. 

Enabled micro developer teams with the ability to drive company wide value through providing click
 analytics, logging, internationalization and performance optimizations out of the box.

Technical Director at Primary Book Club LLC
May 2015  -  August 2016  (1 year 4 months)

Software Development Engineer at Intel Corporation
May 2015  -  January 2016  (9 months)

[nodejs, AngularJS, C#, .NET, SQL Server]

Responsible for innovating exceptional software that drives one of the worlds top supply chains.

Technical Advisor and Developer at TableTop
August 2014  -  November 2015  (1 year 4 months)

Young startup devoted to revolutionizing philanthropy through mobile platforms. 

Responsible for driving technology decisions aligned with company vision. 

Manages software development and ensure a consistent user experience.

Software Engineer Intern at Intel Corporation
May 2014  -  August 2014  (4 months)

[Distributed Computing, Parallel Computing, C#, .NET, SQL Server] 

Utilized distributed technologies to create a server fail-over solution to pass load balancing
 responsibility to another node in the event of failure. 

Developed a job scheduling application responsible for launching hundreds of batch files daily used
 for  supply planning for major Intel customers. 

Reduced job throughput time by 50% by implementing more intelligent load balancing procedures. 

Utilized agile development methods to create an application to replace an existing internal tool and
 connect to an existing SQL database for data warehousing.

Business Owner / Technical Trainer at CPR - Cell Phone Repair
April 2010  -  June 2013  (3 years 3 months)

Constructed software modules for integrating with point of sale systems to automate data retention
 for business intelligence and data analysis. 

Managed team of 5 - 10 computer and mobile device technicians to deliver top tier technical service
 to corporate organizations and consumers. 

Developed an consistently replicated training curriculum that reduced training time for a new
 employee to become proficient and profitable by 75%.

Education
Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering at Arizona State University
Bachelor of Science (BS), Computer Science, 2013 - 2015
University of Oklahoma
Petroleum Engineering, 2008 - 2011

Josh Ransom
Phoenix, Arizona Area
Lifelong Engineer and Entrepreneur

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

