Justin Ehlert
Greater Boston Area
Software Engineer at TripAdvisor and Founder/CEO of Jump Space Apps

Summary
Hello, my name is Justin and I am a developer, designer and student. I have a passion to create
 amazing experiences and solve problems in everyday life. I am currently a Software Engineer at
 TripAdvisor and am the Founder/CEO of Jump Space Apps and Fridgely.

Experience
Software Engineer at TripAdvisor
June 2016  -  Present  (1 year 5 months)

Technology Development Intern at Capital One
June 2015  -  Present  (2 years 5 months)

Held a position as a lead iOS developer for a small innovation team within Capital One Labs during
 a three month internship. Had to manage my own time, project planning, design and testing for
 the project. Delivered a completely native iOS, customer ready application in two months. After
 completion of default functionality I implemented features such as Touch ID integration and Apple
 Watch connectivity. 

Owner and Creator at Fridgely
May 2015  -  Present  (2 years 6 months)

Fridgely is an iOS application that helps people keep track of their food and love their fridge again.
 Fridgely sends users notifications when their food is going to expire and even allows users to find
 recipes basked upon the food that they already have.

Owner and Creator at University Eats
May 2014  -  Present  (3 years 6 months)

University Eats is an iOS and web application that shows students when and where to eat on their
 college campus and which restaurants have student discounts. 

President at Jump Space Apps
August 2013  -  Present  (4 years 3 months)

President and Owner of Jump Space Apps. An app development company focused on creating
 innovative and user-friendly products. Jump Space Apps currently has four employees and
 completes an average of ten client applications each year. 

iOS Developer at Bottle Rocket

May 2013  -  May 2015  (2 years 1 month)

Transitioned from an intern to a part time employee in the Summer of 2013. This role includes
 implementing new features, designs, supporting existing applications and working in teams of size
 5-10. Projects worked on include NBC, Food Network, Syfy, BET, Bravo and Hallmark

SEM Intern at Globe Runner SEO
May 2012  -  July 2013  (1 year 3 months)

Level Design Manager at Perpetual FX Creative
August 2011  -  May 2012  (10 months)

I worked with Perpetual FX to create an iOS game. My current duties are level design, balancing
 and game play testing.

Web Development Intern at Ennis, Inc.
May 2011  -  July 2011  (3 months)

During my internship at Ennis Inc. I worked as the web development intern. I created two websites
 for them during my three month tenure.

Education
The University of Texas at Dallas
Computer Science, 2012 - 2016
Mansfield Timberview High School
2008 - 2012
Activities and Societies:  National Honor Society, Varsity Baseball, Student Athletic Leadership
 Council

Justin Ehlert
Greater Boston Area
Software Engineer at TripAdvisor and Founder/CEO of Jump Space Apps

2 people have recommended Justin

"Justin is extremely reliable and can be trusted to complete assignments on time. I was impressed
with his ability to quickly learn complex and often obtuse subject matter."
—Michael Heinsohn, Sr. Software Engineer,  Switch Commerce,  was with another company when
working with Justin at Perpetual FX Creative

"Justin is a detail oriented guy that produces great results! He is always there when you need him
and has a very good work ethic! I highly recommend Justin and would gladly work with him again!
Chris"
—Christopher Curra, Program Coordinator / Lead Faculty Interactive Simulation & Game
Technology,  Richland College,  was Justin's client

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

