Kalle Koivisto
Frankfurt Am Main Area, Germany
Lead Technical Expert at Deutsche Bank

Summary
Contact me in English or Finnish please.

New technology and information security in many forms are my passions. I consider myself career
 oriented, an adventurer and a team player.

I accept challenges and adventures - who knows where they will take me.

Specialities: information security, HSMs, digital signing, software engineering

Experience
Lead Technical Expert at Deutsche Bank
December 2016  -  Present  (11 months)

Chief Information Security Office (CISO)
 
- System architecture and design
- Crypto
- Thales HSM
- Secure Execution Environment
- Authentication
- End-to-end password protection
- Vormetric DSM / data protection
- Secure logging

Security SW engineer at Intel Corporation
March 2014  -  December 2016  (2 years 10 months)

MCG SW Security Research Department. Managing and developing the internal signing
 infrastructures and services enterprise wide.

- Digital signing
- PKI
- Thales HSM
- OpenSSL

- SW development (C++, C, Qt, Lua, Python, Shell)
- Authentication & authorization

Security engineer (Internship) at Intel Corporation
March 2013  -  March 2014  (1 year 1 month)

Worked in the security team of Intel's Mobile and Communications Group (MCG) answering directly
 to the security champion. The main project during my internship was to design and implement a
 signing infrastructure for MCG. I also worked closely to security firmware developers and architects
 and did some tasks related to fw development too.

- Digital signing
- PKI
- Thales HSM
- OpenSSL
- SW development (C++, C, Qt, Lua, Python, Shell scripting)
- Code reviews (Klocwork)

Analyst, Customized Software Development and Management at Capgemini
June 2012  -  July 2012  (2 months)

A short summer job in Customized Software Development and Management team before going to
 Singapore for exchange studies. I did system maintenance for FRENDS and BizTalk integrations
 and software testing for a customer-related project.

Analyst, Customized Software Development and Management at Capgemini
June 2011  -  December 2011  (7 months)

Customized Software Development and Management. Developing and maintaining customer-
related projects. Took part in a sales project for public sector.

Summer trainee at Capgemini
June 2010  -  August 2010  (3 months)

Worked in the CSD Research team. Improved and maintained intranet and web portals, created a
 survey handling and analysis tool with VBA.

IT designer at Fimlab Laboratoriot Oy
May 2009  -  August 2009  (4 months)

Developed tools for HR and management with VBA and web-based technologies. Wrote
 specifications for HR and management related systems.

Education
Tampere University of Technology
Master of Science, Embedded Systems, 2016

Tampere University of Technology
Bachelor of Science, Computer science, industrial management, 2014
Activities and Societies:  The Guild of Electrical Engineering, The Club of Electronic Students in
 Tampere
National University of Singapore
Exchange, Engineering, 2012
Lempäälä Senior Secondary School
Matriculation examination, 2007

Kalle Koivisto
Frankfurt Am Main Area, Germany
Lead Technical Expert at Deutsche Bank

4 people have recommended Kalle

"Kalle Koivisto has worked as a consultant at Capgemini. He has participated in the customer-
related services and a sales project. Kalle has maintained succesfully a few java programs. He is a
reliable. an technically gifted person, who has been able to easily learn new things."
—Mirja Mäkelä, Järjestelmävastaava,  Suomen tulli – Finnish Customs,  managed Kalle at
Capgemini

"To whom it may concern Kalle Koivisto came to us as a Werkstudent (working student). He helped
us due to his good technical experience a lot. He was efficient and worked quite autonomous. He
was always very polite and integrated himself very fast into our team. We liked to have him with us
and we wish him good luck for his further life Best regards Marion Kremer"
—Marion Kremer, Head of APPS Evolve!,  Capgemini,  managed Kalle indirectly at Capgemini

"Kalle has been working as an IT designer in our company. His main tasks have concerned
the design and building of IT tools to facilitate our HR management routines, such as resource
planning. Kalle is mathematically talented, logical and innovative. He has remarkable skills as an
IT designer. Furthermore, he has good social skills and gets along well with his coworkers. I can
warmly recommend him in similar and even more demanding tasks."
—Ari Miettinen, CEO,  Fimlab Laboratories Ltd.,  was Kalle's client

"I have worked with Kalle on PKI and code/data signing related projects. Kalle has a good
knowledge of information security, cryptography and system design work. He assumes
responsibility independently and does not let facing new things impede him from steering through
projects, he determinedly finds out what is needed to achieve the desired goals."
—Rauno Tamminen, Senior IT Security Specialist,  Insta DefSec Oy,  worked directly with Kalle at
Intel Corporation

Profile Notes and Activity (1)

10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

