Karen Delgado
Costa Rica
Support Software Engineer II - Experian Services Costa Rica

Summary
karendn20@gmail.com

Experience
L3 - Software Engineer - InfoSec at Intel Corporation
April 2017  -  Present  (7 months)

L2 Software Engineer at Experian
May 2015  -  December 2016  (1 year 8 months)

Provide support for Experian Cross Channel Marketing Platform. The environment consists
 in Windows Server 2012, ASP.net applications (IIS 7.0), SQL DB 2012 Transactions, web
 services, DNS configuration for mailing services and UNIX experience for mailing transfer agent
 configuration.

• Root cause analysis and problem resolution.
• Server configuration and maintenance (Microsoft and UNIX)
• SQL server: Create and perform queries to analyze complex issues.
• Shinken and Geneos: OS and Network monitoring.
• Create and modify documentation.
• Coach and mentoring to Junior Levels.
• ServiceNow ticketing software:  Work closely with SN-Manager to replace the ticketing
 unstructured work patterns with intelligent workflows based on the engineer and customer
 necessities to improve communication and work faster.

Technical Leader -(Hewlett Packard Contractor) at Tek-Experts IT Solutions CR
March 2014  -  May 2015  (1 year 3 months)
Platform: HP Server Automation - Software
Provide solutions for servers, allowing clients to standardize, consolidate and automate server
 operations in the HP Hybrid Data Center.  Operational lead, guide and mentoring for Support
 Software Team.

• Provide OS Provisioning across Windows and Linux.
• Manage VM platforms. (VCenter, VSphere, EXSi)

• Patching, Audits and Software deployment.
• Resolve complex issues and provide On-call Support.
• Recruitment, Coaching and Training.
• Guide and motivation in order to achieve team targets.
• Ensure good quality service, availability and reaction time.
• Communicate, review and implement corporate policies.
• Organize monthly reports and evaluations.

Senior Software Engineer (Hewlett-Packard Contractor): at Tek Experts
March 2013  -  February 2014  (1 year)

Platform: HP-UCMDB (Universal Configuration Management Database)
 Automated Service Modeling for Net  Control Store  to configure  net software and infrastructure
 components to simplify change control. Manage admin components like:  analysis, reporting, policy
 management & integrations including automated service modeling for net environments.

IT Coordinator at Multimodal Operador Logístico Internacional
March 2012  -  March 2013  (1 year 1 month)

Coordinate all IT projects, manage software and hardware resources, Active Directory Admin,
 identify and resolve technical issues.

• Windows Server administration: creation and maintenance of the Active Directory infrastructure.
• Identify and analyze company systems requirements and define project scope and deliverables.
• Implementation of the new mail service: Migration from Thunderbird to Outlook and provide
 ongoing maintenance.
• Vodafone, PBX Telephony: customize call handling, manage users and configure call features.
• Web Portal: Migration from Joomla to Wordpress incorporating social webs to improve customer
 experience.

Education
Universidad Fidélitas
Ingeniería, Ingeniería Sistemas de Computación, 2017 - 2019
CBT Nuggets
Amazon Web Services Certifications, Cloud Computing, 2016 - 2017
Universidad Latina de Costa Rica
Cloud Computing and Data Center, 2016 - 2017
Greencore IT Solutions
Técnico Servidores GNU/Linux, 2014 - 2014
New Horizon Costa Rica

CompTIA - Servers / CompTIA A+ Essentials, 2012 - 2013
Universidad Nacional de Costa Rica
CCNA - Network Technician, 2011 - 2012
CBT Nuggets
Course, Windows Server 2012 R2
Activities and Societies:  Pending: MCSA (Exam 70-410)
CBT Nuggets
Power Shell 4 Foundation

Karen Delgado
Costa Rica
Support Software Engineer II - Experian Services Costa Rica

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong


