Kavitha Krovi
Greater Los Angeles Area
Principal - IT Solution Architect at DELL

Summary
•   Strategic, pioneer Architect, accomplished 19+ years of proven IT consulting track record.
•   Empowered on creative, modular, agile architectures, enabled architectural directions, vision,
 roadmaps, solutions, and methodologies enriched with emergent technologies.
•   Results driven Technical Manager with 12+ years of management experience.
Delivered high-end technical designs for J2EE, .NET, SAP, SAP HANA, Cloud(AWS, Azure, HCI), Big
 Data, VMware, Virtualization, Integration, Mobile, and Web platforms

PMP Certified. 

SPECIAL RECOGNITION: 
Within 3 years of joining SCE, earned Innovation EIMAgine That’s award and CEO highest honors:
 The Innovation EIMAgine award is for Technology Innovation Novelty Ideas, Creativity, Original
 Thinking, Outstanding Achievement and Contribution to Southern California Edison Company
 Values, Goals, Benefit to the Company (ROI) and Competitiveness.

Proficient in delivering Enterprise Architecture road maps and IT strategy.Experienced in Data
 Modeling and Data Architectures.

Technical Strengths:
Demonstrated experience with BPM, BRM, BPMN 2.0, ccBPM,  SAP CE, ARIS, and IBM SOA
 products WSRR, and RAM.

SAP Modules: ECC, CRM, PS, SD, MM, FI, HR, ESA, PLM, Solution Mgr, SRM, MDM, SRM, SCM,
 EHS, BI/BW & HANA

Integration Architecture, Design and hands on experience using SAP Net-Weaver Process Integration
 (PI) 7.1, 7.3 & SAP PO 7.31(Process Orchestration), Data Power, SAP DS, MQ, FTP, Web
 Services. 

Experienced in delivering Integration Architecture using various integration technologies IBM Data
 Power, MQ, MFT, ETL and supporting technologies (UDDI, WSDL, EDI etc)

Experienced in ASAP, Agile, SDLC and EDLC methodologies.

Experience with Cloud technologies PAAS, SAAS, IAAS and NAAS (AWS, Azure, VMware, SAP,
 Cloudera, Dell)

Industries: Utilities, Health, Chemical, Manufacturing, Leasing, Automotive, Finance, High-Tech &
 Sales

Strengths:
Creativity, Stakeholder engagement, Relationship management, Design Thinking, Critical Thinking

Experience
Principal Solutions Architect at Dell
June 2015  -  Present  (2 years 5 months)

Role: Pre-Sales Solution Architect / SAP Database and Technology Solutions Senior Advisor.
• Generated compelling business strategies/plans in collaboration with key lines of business and
 pursue innovative opportunities
• Develop, lead in sourcing, managing and closing new SAP HANA and Cloud business
 opportunities
• Contributed to the development and refinement of customer's Cloud strategies
• Lead business development strategies and business plans globally
• Met sales revenue targets and maximize deal profitability while maintaining a high level of
 customer satisfaction
• Collaborated with executive teams on strategic & operational plans

Lead Enterprise Architect at MassMutual
April 2015  -  June 2015  (3 months)

As a Kforce EA Contract
Maintain Technology Planner and Enterprise Reference Architectures (ERA)

Enterprise Solution & Integration Architect at Southern California Edison
January 2010  -  March 2015  (5 years 3 months)

• Advisory role in the architecture discipline and deliver Solution Architecture, SOA, integration and
 design solutions for various SCE projects
• As an Integration Architect, have completely changed the organization's integration approach
 from point-to-point to SOA. Currently oversee building new integration paradigm $200M+ business
 transformation initiative.
• Deliver candidate Architecture roadmap components based upon gaps between the Baseline and
 Target Application Architectures

• Perform and Lead technology demonstrations/POC on emerging technologies applicable for
 SCE business deficiencies and deliver complete solution architecture, project plan and cost for
 improvements. 
• Lead SAP implementations, integration strategies; Architecture, overseeing SOA implementations,
 ongoing SOA refinement activities
• Provide architectural direction to Enterprise Architects, Business Architects and Solution
 Architects.
• Develop architectural metrics and reports for the executive team, business and IT management
• Deliver Business Process Models, Engagement Model, Solution Architecture and
 Communications Plan.
• Deliver Reference Architectures, Enterprise Integration Architecture Views,  Integration Standards,
  Principles, Design Patterns and Best Practices
• Architect & Lead SAP PI, SAP PO, IBM ESB, IBM DP, SAP FI, HCM, EAM, ECC, SRM, MDG and
 CRM related projects
• Deliver Architecture using Teradata’s solutions using Teradata RDBMS, Teradata Financial
 Management, Teradata Master Data Management and related solutions
• Solution and Integration Architect for multi-phase projects CMS (Consolidated Mobile Solutions),
 cGIS (Comprehensive GIS), SAP CRM etc.

Integration & Enterprise Solution Architect at Accenture (General Motors, Dow Chemicals, British
Petroleum, Luxottica, Allergan, Timken)
June 2007  -  December 2009  (2 years 7 months)

• Presales experience as a Principal Consultant, preserved technical relationships with all
 stakeholders and supported sales opportunities. Driven closely with presales technical engineers
 and deliver solutions for numerous business sectors, technology and security portfolios that meets
 client's requirement.
• Coordinates with Principal advisors to understand specific portfolio directions and to ensure that
 the solution delivered supports the direction for the business capabilities and business outcomes.
• Deliver candidate Architecture roadmap components based upon gaps between the Baseline and
 Target Application Architectures
• Lead and deliver SOA Governance models to end-to-end SOA lifecycle , Governance Structure ,
 Standards and Policies and Governance Processes 
• Enterprise Integration Architect, deliver integration architecture and design for client’s 40+ home-
grown & COTS systems that need integration. A combination of service oriented, event-driven and
 batch processing integration styles is being used.
• Deliver detailed technical solution design and development for corporate financial and accounting
 systems using SAP Finance Module Order2Cash, payments, CS billing, HR, MDM, BI, EAM
 business processes

• Deliver analytical solutions, business intelligence strategies (SAP BI/BW) and roadmaps to
 enhance client’s various business processes.
• Technical Lead: Manage technical teams and project governance processes for large SAP
 implementations. Lead the requirements against development and maintenance costs in resolving
 architecture issues. Determine new ways to package existing technologies in order to produce 
• Educates, plans, coordinates and communicates at multiple levels of management and ensures
 compliance with client’s governance standards.
• SAP BASIS Lead: perform OS/DB Migrations, installations, upgrades, administration and
 maintenance

Lead Integration Architect at Earth Link Ltd
September 2006  -  June 2007  (10 months)

• Solution and Integration Architecture using SAP's CRM (Customer Relationship Management)
 solutions.
• Deliver requisite program documentation including program charters, schedules, requirements
 documents, specifications, design documents and testing strategies.
• Deliver CS architecture solutions include compliance, billing, payments, DSM, DR and EE,
 Marketing, call center and outage programs

SAP XI Technical Lead & XI Basis Admin at Swarovski North America Ltd
July 2006  -  September 2006  (3 months)

Industry - Manufacturing & Sales
 Swarovski is a famous crystal manufacturing company, which has manufacturing and retail
 companies over worldwide and uniting sap and my sap packages to their subsidiaries .
• Deliver SAP CRM integration architecture & design for interfaces
• Deliver conceptual architecture, metrics and innovative analytical solutions. 
• Review new and existing CS programs/projects architecture for compliance with IT standards,
 policies and architectural plans
• Lead maintenance tasks troubleshooting and resolving existing performance, production issues
 with PI

Technical Lead Consultant at Ferrero Polska
May 2005  -  June 2006  (1 year 2 months)

• Lead periodical assessments of technology portfolio in order to optimize opportunities of replacing,
 upgrading and sun-setting of legacy applications.
• Integration solution - SAP R/3 Sales System to OS/390 System.
• Lead ABAP Implementations includes User-exits, BADI, BTE, SAP script, Smart forms, IDOC,
 functional modules, RFC and BAPI

Senior Technical Consultant at Master Foods
October 2004  -  April 2005  (7 months)

• Involve in the migration process and Migrated PI data from XI 2.0 to XI 3.0
• Deliver candidate IT technology demonstrations, assessments, recommendations for
 Manufacture, Retail, utility and other business sectors.

Senior Technical Consultant at Sauer-Dan Foss
March 2004  -  September 2004  (7 months)

• Basis Lead, Installations and SLD configuration. 
• Developed various SAP XI interface objects using various integration patterns

Software Engineer at ICIC infotect
August 1993  -  March 2002  (8 years 8 months)

SAP ABAP Lead and developer (Oct’1999-Mar’2002)
• Lead & Design and develop classical and interactive Report development, Workflows,
 Enhancements, Dialog Programming, UI development with ALV Grid Controls, Object-Oriented
 objects. Excellent Skills in Debugging ABAP Objects. 
Software Engineer (Aug’1993-Aug’1999)
• Design User screens, executable software code using VB Scripts, Java, Java Struts, VC++, Code
 backend logic using Oracle SQL scripts for Hospital Management System, Educational and Hostel
 Maintenance Software systems

Education
University of California, Irvine
Project Management Professional Certification (PMP), Project Management Professional Certification
 (PMP), 2013 - 2014
Allahabad University
Master's Degree, Information Technology, 2000 - 2003
Nagarjuna University
Bachelor's Degree, Computer Science, 1991 - 1993

Kavitha Krovi
Greater Los Angeles Area
Principal - IT Solution Architect at DELL

4 people have recommended Kavitha

"I have known and worked with Kavitha for over 5 years on different engagements during her tenure
with Southern California Edison. I have been her direct manager since last two year. Kavitha has
sound knowledge of SAP functional as well as technical areas. She was assigned as an integration
architect handling back office and energy services functional areas. She applied her technical
knowledge effectively to design and build services-based integration solutions. She has good
technical skills in SOA/web Services and SAP PI platform areas. She also led the harvesting and
registration of services in enterprise services repository and registry. Kavitha always demonstrated
willingness to take on more responsibilities and learn new technologies. I recommend Kavitha for
any position or endeavor that she may seek to pursue. "
—Sanjiv Sehgal, Sr. Manager, Analytics, Information and Integration Architecture,  Southern
California Edison (SCE),  managed Kavitha at Southern California Edison

"Kavitha was good at managing team with a can do attitude.She is technicaly sound has delivered
interfaces with high quality. Kiran."
—Kiran K Kamisetty, Lead Integrations Consultant,  SuccessFactors,  worked directly with Kavitha
at Accenture (General Motors, Dow Chemicals, British Petroleum, Luxottica, Allergan, Timken)

"Kavitha Krovi is a professionally talented IT Enterprise Solution Architect. Kavitha led all IT
architecture functions from Business Process to information, technical and solutions. She
developed IT roadmap designed to respond business strategy, which she articulated the IT
capabilities required to enable business run smoothly. Kavitha had the opportunity to work with me
as part of the SAP enterprise analytical and HANA projects at SCE. Kavitha was very effective at
ensuring the architecture, integration of analytical solutions in an extremely large and complex SCE
environment."
—Sarappa Thota, SAP BW HANA Architect,  Southern California Edison (SCE),  worked directly
with Kavitha at Southern California Edison

"Detailed Oriented, Team Player, Hard Working, and Deligent. Excellent Working Knowledge of
SAP XI. Great Trouble Shooting Skills."

—Azmat Aziz, Manager Analytics,  Accenture,  managed Kavitha indirectly at Accenture (General
Motors, Dow Chemicals, British Petroleum, Luxottica, Allergan, Timken)

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

