Keagan Goetsch
Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
Designer and Developer

Summary
https://codepen.io/pikazard98/pens/public/
https://keagangoetsch.carbonmade.com/
https://github.com/pikapoo92
https://gist.github.com/pikapoo92

Open to new opportunities.
I have 5 years of experience with designing and developing and I love it. I like making beautiful,
 functional code with designs that bring joy to people. My fave tools include Javascript, React, SCSS,
 Pug, Adobe Creative Suite (Illustrator, Photoshop, etc), and Axure RP.
Currently adding to my full stack skills in my free time.
I am exceptionally self-motivated and learn new skills and technologies quickly. 
Proud to work with my service dog. 

Experience
Computer Software Engineering at Lambda School
September 2017  -  Present  (2 months)

Working on improving my Full Stack Software Engineering skills and adding them to my front-end
 repertoire. 

Designer and Developer at Self Employed
April 2014  -  Present  (3 years 7 months)

Design, build, or maintain web sites and applications, using authoring or scripting languages,
 content creation tools, management tools, and digital media.

Consult nonprofits on how to increase visibility and influence through digital presence.

 Graphic Design

Confer with clients to discuss and determine layout design.
Use Adobe Creative Suite to generate new images.
Wordpress/Layers
Other services provided: Office Admin, Research, Data Analysis

Marketing Campaign Integration Specialist at Snappy Kraken
May 2017  -  September 2017  (5 months)

prepare products for email, print, social media, and web [document onboarding]

Graphic Design Intern at Your Small Biz Accountant, LLC
November 2016  -  April 2017  (6 months)

Design and develop infographics, banners, as well as educational materials
Write engaging copy for all materials
Design and develop landing/web pages
Research web applications and cloud-based software solutions, provide recommendations and aid
 in implementation
Provide consultation on user accessibility and usability
Run A/B Tests and Problem Discovery 
Front-end javascript implementation

Technology Instructor at Tech Academy - Computer Explorers MN
September 2015  -  November 2015  (3 months)

http://www.computerexplorersmn.com/ Teach children aged k-8 courses in technology in the
 following subject areas: Programming (Java, Javascript, iOS, Android), Minecraft, Video Game
 Design, Engineering, Robotics, Computers and Film Making.
Adapt teaching methods and instructional materials to meet students' varying needs and interests.
Prepare materials and classrooms for class activities.
Use computers, audio-visual aids, and other equipment and materials to supplement presentations.
Troubleshoot 20+ laptops after 5 year olds have fun with them

University of Minnesota Libraries - 1.Inventory Assistant, 2. Collections, Info, and Access (CIA) at
University of Minnesota
August 2012  -  June 2013  (11 months)

Secure and manage confidential records and government documents
Process interlibrary and "Get-it" loans for patrons
Help patrons find and use library resources, such as reference materials, audiovisual equipment,
 computers and other electronic resources, and provide technical assistance when needed.
Operate and maintain Aleph500 database system
Train in new Students
Resolve database-level and material-level problems, and prepare books to be sent to a bindery for
 repair
Compile and maintain records relating to circulation, materials, and equipment during library wide
 system inventory transfer.
Sort books, publications, and other items after repair and documentation and return them to
 designated storage areas.

Recruit new students to assist with projects

QSCC Office Administrator and Graphic Designer at University of Minnesota
August 2012  -  March 2013  (8 months)

Answer telephones and give information to callers, take messages, or transfer calls to appropriate
 individuals.
Graphic design for events.
Operate office equipment, such as fax machines, copiers, or phone systems and arrange for repairs
 when equipment malfunctions.
Counsel students on resources
Maintain scheduling and event calendars.
Open, read, route, and distribute incoming mail, answer routine letters, as well as manage email
 and LISTSERV
Recruit volunteers and student workers

Education
Lambda School
Computer Science Academy, Computer Software Engineering, 2017 - 2018
Free Code Camp
Program in Front End Development, Computer Software Engineering, 2015 - 2016
University of Minnesota-Twin Cities
Women's Studies/Biological Anthropology, 2012 - 2014
Activities and Societies:  U of MN Transgender Commission - Communications Coordinator: Managed
 Commission LISTSERV, email, created commission website; U of MN QSCC member
Luther College
Women's Studies/Biological Anthropology, 2010 - 2012
Activities and Societies:  Luther College Pride - Vice President, Mock Trial, Luther College Music
 Program

Keagan Goetsch
Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
Designer and Developer

4 people have recommended Keagan

"Keagan is a great peer to work with and a masterful developer with a wonderful eye for
unexpected details. Anything that she works on is bound to be that much more amazing."
—Donnie Reese,  worked directly with Keagan at Lambda School

"I asked Keagan to help me out with a new logo for my project and the design she came up with
blew me away! The colors, lines, font — everything was perfect! She took the time to understand
what it was I was looking for and from there used her creative talent to come up with a truly inspired
design. I am wholly impressed with Keagan's work and I look forward to collaboration on many
more projects in the future."
—Ryan Holt, Senior Software Developer,  Jump Technologies, Inc.,  was Keagan's client

"Clean And Efficient ES6 Javascript. "
—Brandon Fizer, Art Director,  The AiiP Media Group,  worked directly with Keagan at Lambda
School

"Our nonprofit's website layout and design needed some dire improvements and Keagan was
kind enough to give us a lot of great tips and suggested changes at no cost! Keagan was polite,
professional, and took our specific needs into account when making suggestions. Our website looks
way better now and we are getting all kinds of compliments on the changes that we made! Thank
you so much!"
—Kirsten Eid, LMSW, Case Manager,  Services for the UnderServed,  was Keagan's client

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

