Kei Kudose
Austin, Texas Area
Software engineer at Dell

Summary
Currently on my second year of professional experience and a lifetime of curiosity. As an active team
 player at Dell, I work diligently to create defects to ensure the SDETs have total job security. I know
 enough to know what I don't know, and I'm an active, relentless, and self-motivated learner.

In the past, I've helped teach over 100,000 students embedded systems and essential programming
 skills, both on-campus at UT and online on edX. I thoroughly enjoyed explaining everything with a
 kitchen metaphor, and as a nice side benefit, students seemed to appreciate and understand my
 explanation, too.

Experience
Software Engineer 2 - IT at Dell
June 2016  -  Present  (1 year 5 months)

Developed full-stack shipping feature (HTML, CSS, AngularJS, .NET Web API, SQL Server)
 with RESTful APIs. Implemented custom pricing mode feature used in millions of transactions;
 supported throughout full product development lifecycle. Maintained both current and legacy
 pricing systems by analyzing and resolving defects, refactoring to coding standards, writing end to
 end tests.

Teaching Assistant at The University of Texas at Austin
August 2014  -  May 2016  (1 year 10 months)

Taught embedded system design, debugging techniques (Assembly, C), and general knowledge
 of ARM architecture to 50+ students in-person each semester and thousands online on the edX
 platform. Evaluated student projects; reviewed, proctored, and graded exams.

Intern Sr. Analyst at Dell
May 2015  -  August 2015  (4 months)

Implemented internal web-based tool that collects and processes client data to automate custom
 pricing requests. Technologies used include ASP.NET MVC, Web API, AngularJS, and Bootstrap.

Student Technology Assistant at The University of Texas at Austin
August 2012  -  December 2014  (2 years 5 months)

Designed and developed websites in small teams involving technologies such as HTML, CSS,
 Bootstrap, JS, WordPress, and Cascade Server. Graphic design and manipulation using Adobe
 Photoshop, Illustrator.

Education
The University of Texas at Austin
Bachelor’s Degree, Electrical and Computer Engineering, 2012 - 2016
Activities and Societies:  IEEE, Pi Sigma Pi (Minority Academic Engineering Society)

Kei Kudose
Austin, Texas Area
Software engineer at Dell

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

