Krishma Dutta
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer

Summary
- Partner with fellow engineers to architect and build mission critical software and systems that can
 stand the test of scale and availability, while reducing operational overhead.
- Drive efficiencies in systems and processes: capacity planning, performance tuning, monitoring and
 root cause analysis.
-Troubleshoot and monitor production systems (Linux and Windows) to ensure SLAs are met
- Participate in an on-call rotation and be available for escalations.

Experience
Contract Software Engineer at Apple
March 2017  -  Present  (8 months)

Work as a full-stack engineer within core hardware team to develop in-house application .

Responsible for practicing technical design, developing new functionality and maintaining existing
 components for the web application developed using Python, Perl, MySQL, Java Script (Jquery)

Conduct design and code reviews, fix bugs, and resolve production issues for the application
Expertise in SQL, optimized number of existing queries for faster response times

Software Engineer at Taos
March 2017  -  Present  (8 months)

Sr. Systems Engineer at Stanford Health Care
January 2014  -  March 2017  (3 years 3 months)

Create service capacity planning models to forecast growth and performance analysis for upcoming
 fiscal year.

Develop queries, reports, tools and scripts to improve availability and effectively monitor production
 applications

Sr. Systems Engineer at Sun Life Financial
April 2011  -  January 2014  (2 years 10 months)

Implemented monitors and alerts to ensure early detection of impacting issues within applications
 and production environments.

Automated new and existing scripts to help teams achieve 100% automation of daily tasks.

Worked with incident managers to detect service-impacting issues, triage and escalate issues to
 the respective stakeholders, work with ops to get service restoration and impact containment.

Technical Support Engineer at IBM Global Services
August 2009  -  March 2011  (1 year 8 months)

Worked as a Linux and MySQL administrator for maintaining customer production environment.

Worked as Lead that was involved with installation, enhancement, and maintenance of client
 website and back end claims department.

Developed client website using PHP (Drupal Modules), back end web services (ASP.net) and
 MySQL

Software Engineer at TEKsystems
April 2008  -  August 2009  (1 year 5 months)

• Development and support of applications client website using Asp.Net and performance tuning of
 Java claim splitter applications
• Developed tools and automation that eliminated repetitive tasks

Education
Stanford University
Stanford Advanced Project Management, Project Management, 2015 - 2016
Concordia University
Masters, Computer Science, 2005 - 2007

Krishma Dutta
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer

8 people have recommended Krishma

"Krishma brings about a calm, insightful, and selfless approach to supporting and growing
business critical IT applications. A phenomenal team player, Krishma brought the right balance of
enforcing business controls to the work, and ensuring business deliveries take place. Perhaps most
impressive of all was her focus in times of urgency, and not partaking in the "blame game" when
many others would give in to the temptation. I'd be delighted to work with Krishma again."
—Peter Rode, Director of Application Development,  Constellation HomeBuilder Systems,  was
Krishma's client

"I had a wonderful experience working with Krishma for 1.5 years. She is an exceptional support
developer with a deep understanding of business processes. She is great at designing creative
solutions, negotiating and managing expectations. Krishma is extremely capable, responsible
and has a positive attitude. And I’m always amazed that she is consistently like this. I’ve noticed
that, because of this and the fact that she is just very good at what she does, Krishma is very well-
respected and trusted by her business partners, colleagues and team. Krishma also has a talent
for building strong relationships. People just really enjoy working with her. Krishma is someone you
want to work with, and I highly recommend her. "
—Barbara Gentry, Director Operation,  Cigna,  managed Krishma at TEKsystems

"Krishma is a great team player, is not afraid to tackle new types of development problems and
to date I have not met someone who approaches work with the level of positivity she consistently
brings. During the 2 years I worked with Krishma she was able to successfully multi-task on a
number of core responsibilities that spanned multiple technologies and disciplines. She quickly
became a go-to person for several different roles within the organization including business
analysts, test lead, software development lead, audit manager and the director of operations.
Krishma was a vital member of the team and proved to be key to our success!"
—Raj Kotecha, Sr. Product Manager / Cloud Adoption Strategy,  TD,  managed Krishma at IBM
Global Services

"Krishma is a real professional who is not only strong technically but always delivers on time. Would
be happy to work with her again some time in the future."
—Robert Kellestine, Facility Manager/Project Manager,  Computer Horizons/TEKsystems, 
managed Krishma indirectly at TEKsystems

"I had the pleasure of working alongside Krishma for over a year. Krishma has a stong grasp
of our client's business as a 'subject matter expert’ and with high level of commitment, she has
provided value added service in an efficient and effective manner. Krishma always maintained an
excellent attitude despite peaking pressures or needing to work long hours. Krishma always put
100% into every project she completes with utmost integrity and she consistently demonstrates
strong problem and resolution skills. When the team is under time pressure, Krishma is always
willing to accept additional responsibilities to assist the team. Krishma is a team player, reliable and
punctual."
—Thi Guerrero, General Accountant,  GLH Asset Management Corp,  worked with Krishma at IBM
Global Services

"Krishma was smart, hard worker, organised, team player, very friendly."
—Nacer Tagziria, ETL Developer,  Tek Systems,  worked directly with Krishma at TEKsystems

"Krishma is a well organised and detailed oriented analyst. Krishma worked diligently and ensured
that all of her deliverables were always completed on time. She has a very positive attitude and
was always willing to accept additional responsibility. It was a pleasure working with Krishma on my
last project and I have no hesitation in recommending her, as she would be a valuable asset to any
organisation."
—Mila Levit, PMP, Functional consultant - Oracle Package Application Services,  IBM Global
Services,  worked directly with Krishma at IBM Global Services

"During my work with Krishma, she established herself as a solid developer with both technical
and business knowledge of the company. I should also point out that even in times when she had
a lot on her plate she would always suggest helping if she saw that there was an opportunity to
do so even if it was at her own expense. I highly recommend Krishma for any type of software
development project."
—Arseny Persik, Owner,  Persik Consulting Inc.,  worked directly with Krishma at IBM Global
Services

Profile Notes and Activity (1)

10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

