Krishna Chaitanya Pabbuleti
San Francisco Bay Area
Firmware Engineer at Apple

Summary
Over 5 years of work experience and 2 years of research experience in Firmware Development,
 Embedded Systems and security.
Skills include:
- Excellent C programming skills.
- Working in complex embedded system development.
- Debugging using gdb and lldb.
- Knowledge in communication protocols like SPI, I2C and PCIe.
- Understanding cryptography and security in the context of embedded systems.
- Working knowledge in Python, Java, SQL and REST API design

Experience
Embedded Software Engineer at Apple
September 2016  -  Present  (1 year 2 months)

- Bringup and driver development for various Apple products

Platform Software Engineer at Cisco
June 2014  -  September 2016  (2 years 4 months)

- Worked on Denverton x86 CPU bringup for next-gen linecards.
- Worked on BIOS features like secureboot, secureflash upgrade for Broadwell-DE x86 CPU. 
- Supporting features on rommon which is a home-grown home-grown bootloader for QNX  to
 perform other board-level initializations
- Worked on upgrade support for onboard Field Programmable devices.

Graduate Research Assistant at Secure Embedded Systems Lab, Virginia Tech
November 2012  -  May 2014  (1 year 7 months)

I worked in Secure Embedded Systems lab under Dr. Patrick Schaumont. My broad area of
 research is optimizing public key cryptography for embedded platforms. 

During Spring'13, I worked on optimizing modular arithmetic using SIMD extensions on embedded
 processors. We implemented our algorithm on two mobile platforms namely Qualcomm

 Snapdragon and Intel Atom and achieved significant performance gain. This work was published at
 IEEE HPEC 2013 and was nominated for the best paper award.

During Fall'13 and Spring'14, I worked on implementing various digital signature signature schemes
 and analyzing the power consumption on a wireless sensor node platform. The wireless sensor
 node was built using off-the-shelf components. This work was published at RFIDSec 2014.

The consolidated work is published as a thesis and is available at 
http://vtechworks.lib.vt.edu/bitstream/handle/10919/48120/Pabbuleti_KC_T_2014.pdf?sequence=1

Graduate Teaching Assistant at Virginia Tech
August 2013  -  December 2013  (5 months)

- Teaching Assistant and grader for the course "Hardware Software Co-design"

Engineering Intern at Cisco Systems
May 2013  -  August 2013  (4 months)

Benchmarking and characterization of Interprocess communication over TCP/IP in a virtualized
 system. The system here is a next generation core router from Cisco

SoC Validation Engineer at STMicroelectronics
June 2010  -  June 2012  (2 years 1 month)

-Writing validation firmware for security modules which include Secure Key Manager, Secure OTP
 Memory, Secure Boot Coprocessor on Integrated TV/Set-top box SoC.
-Writing validation firmware for CableCard interfaces (CI+ and MCHI) on Integrated TV/Set-top box
 SoC.
-Gained exposure to SoC internals, firmware development and JTAG Debug Architecture.
-Gained significant experience in cryptography. Worked with encryption standards AES, DES,
 TDES, RSA and hashing algorithms SHA and MD5.

SoC Validation Intern at STMicroelectronics
January 2010  -  June 2010  (6 months)

Validation of PCI Express interface on a Digital TV SoC

Education
Virginia Tech
Master of Science (MS), Computer Engineering, 2012 - 2014
Birla Institute of Technology and Science
B.E.(Hons.), Electrical and Electronics, 2006 - 2010
Activities and Societies:  Department of Photography, EEE Assoc
Gautam Junior College
Intermediate, MPC, 2004 - 2006

Gautam High School
High School, 1999 - 2004

Krishna Chaitanya Pabbuleti
San Francisco Bay Area
Firmware Engineer at Apple

2 people have recommended Krishna Chaitanya

"He joined our team as a fresher but in a short span of time he contributed immensely to the
project .He is very sharp, analytical, dedicated and a great team player. I recommend Krishna and
would be very happy to get him back in our team after his higher studies."
—Vivekanandan Naveen, Delivery Head,  Zaikenn Technologies,  managed Krishna Chaitanya at
STMicroelectronics

"Krishna has set a benchmark for fresh engineers joining our team.He joined as an intern with
our team, working on PCI express but was very soon absorbed as employee and started working
on Security IP hardware and software validation for DTV SOC. He had all the skills to jump and
start working (security is always tricky) and I never felt he needed much support in accomplishing
his work which is not expected with fresh engineers starting their carrer. He was always ready to
explore, dig deep, understad to the root and analyze the problems. The work involved developing
low level firmware and Host CPU SW by understanding the HW functional spec, understanding
secure HW architecture and application for DTV SOC. I will always be happy to work with him again
and would always recommend him for any prospective job offers or internship. Best wishes for his
post graduation."
—Srikar Karnam, Sr Staff Engineer,  Qualcomm,  managed Krishna Chaitanya at
STMicroelectronics

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

