Kumar Chandan
Greater Seattle Area
Software Development Engineer (Full-stack) at Amazon (Alexa Team)

Summary
Passionate about connecting like minded friends / individuals with each other, building communities /
 network of individuals / professionals and entrepreneurs to create opportunities for growth.

I care about Education, Health, Awareness, Equality and promoting Ideas. In my spare time I enjoy
 reading, dancing (Lindy, Blues, Contact Improv and Fusion), outdoors, playing sports and staying
 healthy & fit to do it all :)

My GitHub page: https://github.com/chandanRIT which has all my cool projects. 

And if you have any suggestions/ feedback or something you need to say,  I listen : https://sayat.me/
kumar (it's even anonymous :)

Experience
Software Development Engineer at Amazon
June 2016  -  Present  (1 year 5 months)

● Working in the Alexa Skills kit org (https://developer.amazon.com/public/solutions/alexa/alexa-
skills-kit) 
● Engineer in the Runtime team that serves millions of customers routing incoming voice requests
 to appropriate services and relaying the response back. 200 to 400 TPS on an average day.
● Gathering requirements, design & development of scalable services and fixing bugs in two week
 sprints.
● Part of an on-call rotation every few weeks, working on operational maintenance, Tech Debt and
 customer facing issues and COEs.
● Technologies: Java, Spring, AWS Lambda,  S3, cloudwatch, DynamoDB, JUnit & Mockito, Git
 and many Amazon Internal build, deployment and monitoring tools.

PS: I built a cute fun little skill on Alexa called the Parrot... ask me about it ;)

Software Engineer at Oracle
June 2015  -  May 2016  (1 year)

Engineer in the Scope Management team of the Cloud Project Management software Oracle Prime
 (Primavera is its predecessor, the desktop application)

● Worked on several client facing Server side features & bugs.
● Wrote unit tests and integration tests using JUNIT and Mockito and contributed to increase of
 code coverage from around 40% to 85%.
● Maintained server/client REST contract and followed Agile methodology.
● Contributed in content for internal wiki. 
● Extensively used GIT to work with and maintain various development branches.
● Tools and Technologies used: Jersey (RESTful enpoints), Spring, Eclipselink (JPA), SQL, GIT,
 Jackson (JSON serialization and deserialization), JUnit and Mockito, ChromeDevTools, Javascript
 & Jquery, Ant, Jenkins, Weblogic, JIRA, EclEmma (code coverage) for Eclipse, SmartBear for code
 review.

Research Assistant & Grader for C++ Course at Rochester Institute of Technology
September 2014  -  December 2014  (4 months)

● Research Assistant with Prof. Zack Butler, RIT: 
● Worked on Corobotics project in the CS R&D Lab. 
● Used the ROS (Robot Operating System) library to develop application on the robot. Enhanced its
 UI and logging using libraries in Python, C++.
● Developed and tested the software for the cameras on robot's sides to route and process QR
 codes.
●Tested and made minor tweaks to the routing logic which used A* search.
● A grader for C++ course.

Software Engineer Coop at Intuit
January 2014  -  April 2014  (4 months)

Worked in the Consumer Financial Services Platform team on EFile Archives using Java, Maven,
 Splunk, Junit.

Software Engineering Intern at Acquia
September 2013  -  December 2013  (4 months)

● Worked in the Mollom team (A Content Moderation service on top of Drupal/Joomla/Wordpres
 blog/site).
● Developed  a robust  and  flexible  system  to  send  templated and automated
emails to 1000's of users of Mollom, giving them weekly/monthly stats of moderated content (spam
 and unwanted content) on their website.
● Technologies used: JAX-RS (Jersey), JPA (EclipseLink), Velocity Engine, Mandrill (SMTP API),
 PHP, Twig and Google's Image charts REST api.
● Also, worked on a mini project to detect correlation between types of spam and types of
 users,.using Cassandra and in-house map/reduce framework.

Graduate Research Assistant at Rochester Institute of Technology

June 2013  -  August 2013  (3 months)

● Graduate Research Assistant for Prof. Zack Butler, RIT: 
● Worked on Corobotics project in the CS R&D Lab. 
● Used the ROS (Robot Operating System) library to develop application on the robot. Enhanced its
 UI and logging using libraries in Python, C++.
● Learned about and tested the use of cameras on robot's sides to route and process QR codes.
●Tested and made minor tweaks to its already developed routing logic which used A* search.

Associate Software Engineer at Net.orange, Inc
October 2011  -  July 2012  (10 months)

● Associate Developer responsible for Services and UI enhancement of the company's product
 “cOS” (Clinical Operating System). 
● Learned about the team's development process while working on frontend and backend services
 using the following tools and languages: Java, XMLBeans, ColdFusion, HTML, Javascript, SVN,
 BugZilla, Xpath, Ajax, JSON. 
● Also worked on improving a Windows widget to monitor stats from a remote server.

Student Developer at NRNB (Google Summer of Code 2011)
April 2011  -  September 2011  (6 months)

o Designed & developed plugins for PathVisio (an editor for biological pathways).
o Developed Validator plugin to validate pathways based on rules written in Schematron or Groovy
 in Summer’11.
o Technologies used: Java, Swing, Groovy, Saxon, XSLT, XPath. XML, SVN, ANT, Saxon. 
o Worked on mini-features and patches before the project start.
o Coauthored a Bioinformatics paper with the mentors in the project about the Validator plugin.  

Mentors: Mr.Augustin Luna and Dr.Martijn P. van Iersel

Junior Game Developer at Gameloft
October 2010  -  January 2011  (4 months)

● Learned about game development on the J2ME platform.
● Worked on bug fixes and porting of mobile games on the J2ME platform.

Student Intern at Teleparadigm Networks Ltd
May 2009  -  July 2009  (3 months)

● Learned about iPhone Applications development using Objective-C. 
● Worked on development of an app called Surya Namaskar (on AppStore).

Education
Rochester Institute of Technology

Master's degree, Computer Science, 2012 - 2015
Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology
Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.), Electronics and Communications Engineering, 2007 - 2011

Kumar Chandan
Greater Seattle Area
Software Development Engineer (Full-stack) at Amazon (Alexa Team)

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

