Li Li
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Google, Former Intern at Microsoft, Former Student at Bucknell
University

Experience
Software Engineer at Google
July 2016  -  Present  (1 year 4 months)

Currently working on the development of Borg, a large-scale cluster management infrastructure
 software that helps make Google efficient.

Student Developer at Nike
September 2015  -  April 2016  (8 months)

Worked for a full academic year on an interdisciplinary senior design project focused on smart and
 low-power sensors for Nike.
Designed and implemented a smart sensor device, including the schematic, the PCB (printed circuit
 board), and the control logic (microcontroller programs and communications between sensors).
Developed an Android application to facilitate the smart sensor device.
Worked with students from different majors and learned to cooperate and communicate with
 teammates with various background.

Student Developer at Scitor Corporation
September 2015  -  April 2016  (8 months)

Worked for a full academic year on a senior design project focused on accelerating CPU-based
 facial recognition with GPU technology, specifically, CUDA developed by NVIDIA.
Revised the CPU-based facial recognition algorithm in OpenBR, an open source biometrics
 framework, and migrated it to CUDA. The new algorithm significantly improves the performance
 while keeping the same accuracy.
Code merged into OpenBR master branch and now OpenBR has an option to build with CUDA.
Worked with 3 other students and used Agile Development method (specifically, Scrum). 

Software Engineering Intern at Microsoft
June 2015  -  August 2015  (3 months)

Designed and implemented a weather-resistant air quality detector with microcontrollers and
 Windows 10 IoT Core.
Designed, developed and shipped an air quality monitoring platform together with a cross-platform
 Windows 10 Universal App.
Selected by Microsoft Garage and will be open-sourced.

Bucknell Chapter President at Association for Computing Machinery
September 2014  -  May 2015  (9 months)

Organized student events such as student/faculty bi-weekly lectures and student-bonding events
 (game nights, movie nights, study breaks, etc) and career networking events.
Worked with a group of ACM officers and developed leadership skills.

Founder and President of Launch (previously Bucknell Open-Source Community) at Bucknell
University
November 2013  -  May 2015  (1 year 7 months)

Created the Bucknell Open-Source Community to advocate open-source movement and to develop
 open-source projects with like-minded people. We follow the software developing process used in
 industry and work in teams. 
Later on re-branded Bucknell Open Source Community to Launch to appeal to people without
 necessary background to encourage student entrepreneurship and side projects.

Android Developer at Loco Labs, Inc
2015  -  2015

Developed an Android application for Loco Labs, a start-up company founded by a few Bucknell
 students.
Loco allows people to post location-based messages without having to worry about anonymous
 offensive or trash messages. Loco does this by linking users to their social network account.
App used by several hundred people per month. 

Student Researcher at Bucknell University
June 2014  -  August 2014  (3 months)

Implemented the Data Collection Framework for ns3 Network Simulator to collect various
 information from a network simulation. The framework was designed to be generic enough to
 accommodate different types of situations.  
Project funded by NSF and the contribution will be released in the next few releases of ns3.

Project Consultant Intern at Valor Connect | MyNetwork LLC
June 2014  -  August 2014  (3 months)

Participated in Institute for Leadership in Technology and Management (Bucknell ILTM) and worked
 with MyNetwork, LLC as a Project Consultant.

Web Developer at WhyUEdu
October 2013  -  December 2013  (3 months)

Developed a chrome extension that retrieves information from the server and fills Common
 Application’s forms automatically for WhuUEdu, a website for Chinese students to apply for
 universities in U.S to substitute Common Application. 

Student Researcher at Bucknell University

May 2013  -  September 2013  (5 months)

Developed a survey website designed for Geisinger Hospital to record doctors’ opinions on different
 questions. The website was built with Ruby on Rails.

Student Researcher at Bucknell University
January 2013  -  April 2013  (4 months)

Worked on Interactive Classroom Project: an online system that enables students to answer
 questions on their phones in classroom.

Education
Stanford University
Computer Science, 2017 - 2017
Bucknell University
Bachelor of Computer Science and Engineering, Computer Science, 2012 - 2016
Bucknell University
Computer Science and Engineering, Computer Science and Computer Engineering, 2012 - 2016
Beijing No.4 High School
Student, Student, 2009 - 2012

Li Li
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Google, Former Intern at Microsoft, Former Student at Bucknell
University

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

