M'hammed OULAIDI
Toronto, Canada Area
Software engineer with IBM Watson Health Cloud

Summary
Hey 

I'm M'hammed OULAIDI , a software developer , and data scientist , my goals was to build cool
 products to solve meaningful problems with large impact then empower people and organizations
 to be more productive through innovation and educate people about technologies and their
 consequence . I like to think of myself as a life-long learner so therefore I love trying and learning
 new things. Whether it’s climbing a new mountain, traveling to a new country or running a different
 route around my neighborhood, I love it.
For my experience , i feel more comfortable with backend , i like to design  algorithms for complicated
 use cases and try to involve new technologies on my solution, i had an experience with Data mining
 and machine learning.
but in other side ,I am interested by business management and leading technologies to innovate and
 produce a product that will planning to make revenues and profits to company and reduce the costs
 of human ressources . 

Actually , i'm a software developer with IBM Watson Health Cloud . 

Now , i moved all my interests to  BigData , cloud computing, and Machine learning, deep learning .

Experience
Software Engineer ( IBM Watson Health ) at IBM
February 2017  -  Present  (9 months)

Software engineer IBM PureApp at IBM
March 2016  -  Present  (1 year 8 months)

-Working on Log Analytics Project to extract an ontology from our system logs and adding machine
 learning algorithms to get more details about defects and get prediction of system failures. This
 project is a combination with AI technology using IBM Watson API and the cloud technology .
- Building predictive models for our system logs 
-Developing test cases of IBM Pure Application System
-Automating test scripts to continuously maintain and improve the quality and efficiency of software
 systems development. 

Software Developer at Bibliomondo Technologies du savoir
October 2015  -  March 2016  (6 months)

Semantic AI project is aligned with the latest technologies of the Semantic Web by integrating
 machine learning modules, this application layer allows any back-end of a search engine to build
 a semantic dimension of user queries and to suggest relevant topics and the appropriate results, I
 used Python to develop the core of this layer, i used also ( Topic modeling(LDA) for classification ,
 NLP for parsing and building semantic ontology )

Software Developer at Microsoft student partner Maroc
March 2013  -  September 2014  (1 year 7 months)

Education
École de technologie supérieure
Master Software Engineering, 2014 - 2016
Université internation de Rabat
Licence, Génie informatique, 2012 - 2014

M'hammed OULAIDI
Toronto, Canada Area
Software engineer with IBM Watson Health Cloud

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

