Madhav Patel
Portland, Oregon Area
Software Development Engineer at Intel Corporation

Summary
An enthusiastic individual with strong technical, interpersonal and leadership skills. Passion for
 excellence in each piece of work being performed and commitment to continuous skills development
 by learning new technologies.

▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬

2+ years of Software Development/Engineering experience at Intel Corporation.

✔ Software design and development using HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, Angular, jQuery, MySQL
✔ Proficient in Linux/UNIX development environment(software)
✔ Dynamic technical skills to adapt to diverse software technologies.

▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬

Skills:

★ Core Java
★ C#, ASP.NET
★ HTML5, CSS3, TypeScript, JavaScript
★ AngularJS (Angular), Bootstrap
★ jQuery
★ REST API, Web Services, MVC 
★ Hadoop MapReduce Framework
★ MySQL
★ Multithreading, Socket Programming
★ Linux
★ Leadership skills

★★ Ranked 8th in Grade 10th at State level
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬

Interested in:

☛ Design and Analysis of Algorithms and Data Structures
☛ Software Development
☛ Web Development

Experience
Software Development Engineer at Intel Corporation
May 2015  -  Present  (2 years 6 months)

Designed, Developed and Deliver the large scale distributed systems and platforms which is used
 by users globally. 

Software Engineer Intern at Intel Corporation
May 2014  -  January 2015  (9 months)

Designed and developed User Interface and Back-end. Front end development on an internal
 inventory tracking and ordering web application used by Intel employees worldwide. Currently
 developing sites with AngularJS, Web API and Bootstrap. Code and maintain all aspects (front-
end, business logic, database) of internal web applications.

Specialties: .NET development, C#, AngularJS, User Interface Design and Front End Web
 Development, Mockups, Wireframes and Prototypes.

Software Developer at Jiv Daya Foundation
January 2014  -  May 2014  (5 months)

- Developed and optimized a database using MySQL.
- Worked with Subversion for Version management, Nagios for network and server management
- Optimized the software using Java, JSP, Servlet

Trainee- Android Application Developer at Avani Cimcon Technologies Inc.
August 2012  -  May 2013  (10 months)

Designed and developed an Android application from scratch for Travel management including
 Flight ticket booking, Car rental, Hotel booking etc. It covers the complete plan for the trip.
Compatible with Android mobiles and tablets.

Education
The University of Texas at Dallas
Master of Science (M.S.), Computer Science, 2013 - 2015
Activities and Societies:  IEEE- UT Dallas Chapter, SLP(Student Leadership Program), ACM
 (Association for Computing Machinery), UTD Open Source Community, Office of Student
 Volunteerism
Indus Institute of Technology & Engineering

Bachelor's degree, Computer Engineering, 2009 - 2013
Sheth C.N. Vidhyalaya
Primary & Secondary Education, Science, 2002 - 2009

Madhav Patel
Portland, Oregon Area
Software Development Engineer at Intel Corporation

1 person has recommended Madhav

"I've had the chance to work with Madhav over the past several months and he has shown much
growth and potential as a web developer during his internship here at Intel. His enthusiasm
for learning and hard work ethic leads me to recommend him wholeheartedly for any future
opportunities he takes on."
—Jeremy Buganan, Web Application Developer,  intel,  managed Madhav indirectly at Intel
Corporation

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

