Marcus Williams
Portland, Oregon Area
SDN Software Engineer at Intel

Summary
SDN Software Engineer working on OpenDaylight (ODL), Open vSwitch, OpenStack and Open
 Network Automation Platform (ONAP) to enable Network Vitrualization, NFV and Dynamic Service
 Function Chaining.

I work in Intel Corporation's Data Center Network Solutions Group on the Software Defined
 Networking Controller Team focusing on OpenDaylight NetVirt, deploying OpenDaylight with
 OpenStack and working on nascent Open Network Automation Platform as a committer in Software
 Define Networking Controller project, Application controller project and Common Controller SDK
 project. I am also a committer on ODL Releng project (Infrastructure as code) and for Controller
 Performance Testing (CPERF) project in Open Network Function Virtualization (OPNFV).

I hold a Bachelor of Science: Information Technology in Software Development from Western
 Governors University, Oracle Certified Professional - Java SE 6 Programmer, Rackspace Openstack
 Essentials Certificate, CompTIA A+, Network+, Project+, Security+ and Storage+ certifications
 and CIW Web Development Professional, Perl Specialist, Database Design Specialist, JavaScript
 Specialist, Web Design Specialist and Web Foundations Associate certifications.

Experience
Network Software Engineer at Intel Corporation
October 2014  -  Present  (3 years 1 month)

Software Defined Networking engineer enabling  the SDN, NFV and cloud transformation.
 Committed to OpenSource.

Most recent work has been enabling and creating containerized OpenStack extending OpenStack
 Kolla. Completed OpenDaylight enablement in Kolla which deploys multi-node HA ODL/OpenStack
 utilizing NetVirt in 15 minutes and facilitates deployment onsite at customer meetings and for
 evaluation, easy HA development environments and another vector for large production deploys. 

Enabling dynamic software defined networks with revolutionary flexibility in the same way hardware
 virtualization provided dynamic flexibility and on-demand scale for compute and storage hardware.

 I work on OpenDaylight (ODL), Open vSwitch, OpenStack and Open Network Automation Platform
 (ONAP) to enable Network Virtualization, NFV and Dynamic Service Function Chaining.

Worked in past on S3P (Security, Scalability, Stability and Performance) testing and enabling
 for OpenDaylight. I also contributed to enabling DPDK support for OpenDaylight. I led the S3P
 Workgroup in the OpenDaylight Community and I had been instrumental in the Testing and
 Publishing of OpenDaylight's Performance Reports 1.0, 1.1.

Software Validation Engineer at Intel Corporation
August 2013  -  October 2014  (1 year 3 months)

Test and validate Intel network drivers on Red Hat Enterprise Linux. Focus on Data Center Bridging
 (DCB) and Fibre Channel over Ethernet (FCoE), including user space tools (open fcoe and open
 lldpad). Develop automated tests and run automated regression on drivers and tools. Manage
 validation process, develop test plans and direct a team of testers.

Network Storage Software Validation Engineer at Confidential Semiconductor Chip Maker through
SCIGON Solutions
April 2012  -  August 2013  (1 year 5 months)

Validated network storage drivers through work with FCoE / FC / iSCSI equipment / devices such
 as forwarders, switches, storage arrays, and host bus adapter (HBA) / converged network adapter
 (CNA). Worked in Windows, Linux and virtualization (Hyper-V). Used storage and network testing
 tools, such as IOmeter, IOzone, dt, netperf, ntttcp, iperf, etc. Measured performance and analyzed
 network storage drivers and their output. Automated test cases and added features to and update
 automated test code base.

Consultant - Network & System Admin. at Propeller Heads
January 2009  -  April 2012  (3 years 4 months)

Worked with business owners providing technology recommendations and budget for existing and
 future technology requirements. 
Supported Windows active directory domains, Windows and Linux servers plus an assortment of
 client PCs. Managed, maintained, supported and designed small business networks including
 security hardening and testing. Created physical, data-flow and use case network diagrams.
 Provided end user support and repair service.

Reporter - Intern at Gannett / Statesman Journal
May 2009  -  September 2009  (5 months)

Wrote news pieces including front page story on Cash for Clunkers Salvage and front of section
 story about hiking Opal Creek. Convinced a variety of people to interview and divulge useful
 information. Executed an Oregon Public Employees Retirement System data analysis project
 supporting an investigative exposé.

Hardware Aide - Student at Whitman College
September 2006  -  May 2007  (9 months)

Repaired, tested and maintained enterprise Dell computer network. Setup and tested Dell and
 Apple computers. Networked PCs by running network cables and setting up OS configuration.
 Tested network with netperf, iperf.

Computer Lab Aide at Walla Walla Community College
September 2005  -  April 2006  (8 months)

Supported a 20 system computer lab. Trained others in the use of Microsoft Office and other
 complex applications. Provided personalized support.

Computer Technician at D.S.E Computers
January 2001  -  January 2002  (1 year 1 month)

Built, upgraded and fixed a variety of client and server computers. Traveled to businesses and
 homes to fix computer and network errors.

Education
Western Governors University
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Information Technology - Focus in Software Development, 2012 - 2014
Whitman College
Art & Rhetoric, 2006 - 2009
Activities and Societies:  Whitman College Pioneer columnist, KWCW politics radio show host
Walla Walla Community College
General Studies, 2005 - 2006
Activities and Societies:  Computer & Technology Club President (raised funds from $2,000 to
 $10,000, executed Consumer Electronics Show trip to Las Vegas), Dean’s list, Martin Luther King Jr.
 Essay Contest Winner, Honors Initiative Scholarship, President of the TRIO Club (Organized food
 drive for Helpline, netted over 1000lbs of food - Ran “Stress Free Zone” which included free food,
 drink and massages for students & staff during finals), Statewide College Civics Commission

Marcus Williams
Portland, Oregon Area
SDN Software Engineer at Intel

1 person has recommended Marcus

"Marcus has a high aptitude for technology and is quick to learn in the ever changing world of
technology. He possesses excellent customer service skills and develops a good repertoire with
clients. I remember I was working on a web app with a mysql database and php web interface and
ran into a problem that was over my head. Marcus went in blind without previous knowledge of the
languages and was able to reprogram a solution in a couple of days."
—Dale Alling, Owner,  Design Render,  worked directly with Marcus at D.S.E Computers

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

