Meenal Vyas
Austin, Texas Area
Senior Firmware Engineer at Dell

Summary
Software Engineer experienced in all phases of Software Development Lifecycle, from planning to
 feature testing.

- Currently working as a Platform Software Engineer for Dell on its next generation of 14G servers. 
- Skilled in C, C++ , Java and Python programming.
- Trained in Agile methodologies and Test Driven Development.   
- Strong team player with good communication and presentation skills. 

Experience
Senior Firmware Engineer at Dell
February 2017  -  Present  (9 months)

Platform Software Engineer at Dell
July 2015  -  Present  (2 years 4 months)

- Working on system management features using Dell's Embedded Linux Processor iDRAC. 
- Part of SupportAssist team in the Lifecycle Controller module and involved in the product
 development of this feature for Dell's upcoming 14G servers: from planning and design to
 development and testing.

Instructional Assistant at University of Houston
January 2014  -  May 2015  (1 year 5 months)

- Designed online courses for Construction Management and Project Management department
 using Blackboard Learn and Camtasia software .
- Conducted workshops about "Blackboard Learn" working an usage for professors and Teaching
 Assistants.
- Assisted professors in managing coursework online, designing assignments and exams for
 Software Design class. 

Software Developer Intern at HCL Infosystems Ltd
June 2011  -  August 2011  (3 months)

- Assisted in banking project of a state bank undertaken by the company. 
- Created user friendly bi-lingual modules for the bank's website using application server JBoss
 4.0.2.CR2, Eclipse IDE and Java programming language.

Education
University of Houston
Master’s Degree, Computer Science, 2013 - 2015
Jodhpur Institute of Engineering and Technology
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Computer Science, 2008 - 2012

Meenal Vyas
Austin, Texas Area
Senior Firmware Engineer at Dell

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

