Nathan Woo
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Uber

Summary
Focused on building technologies to empower people and enrich their lives. I'm passionate about
 developing products that are powerful enough to handle data at massive scales but nimble enough
 to provide an intuitive user experience. In a nutshell, I'm a full-stack engineer, product innovator, and
 team player.

I love meeting new people. Feel free to reach out, if you want to talk tech, business, or martial arts/
self-defense. 

Experience
Software Engineer at Uber
June 2016  -  Present  (1 year 5 months)

On the Uber for Business team, creating B2B transportation solutions. Driving the design and
 development of Uber Central, an enterprise product that empowers businesses to request, track,
 and pay for rides for customers.

Previously worked on the Business Intelligence team to reduce risk and enhance security. Built
 large-scale web applications and real-time data infrastructure to detect, predict, and fight fraud.
 Developed user authentication protocol to secure mobile and web interactions. 

Software Engineer at Intel Corporation
August 2014  -  May 2016  (1 year 10 months)

• Owned, developed, and scaled full software stack for an analytics system critical for chip R&D
• Built software to monitor and load balance application server cluster to boost throughput
• Architected and developed backend infrastructure for factory tools through multiple lifecycles
• Designed and executed experiments to optimize data collection and reduce chip testing time
• Directed meetings and planned product roadmaps to deliver on customer needs and timelines

Materials Research Intern at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
May 2012  -  August 2013  (1 year 4 months)

• Analyzed the mechanics of materials for integration into next generation semiconductor devices
• Modeled the vibrational dynamics of sub-22 nm processors to characterize failure modes
• Developed and fabricated proprietary nano-imaging devices for high-throughput scanning

Study Group Leader at UC Berkeley
September 2010  -  May 2013  (2 years 9 months)

• Led weekly study groups sizing over 100 students per semester for physics course
• Attained highest department-wide teacher evaluation scores for communication

Software Development Intern at USDA-ARS
June 2010  -  June 2012  (2 years 1 month)

• Wrote data processing program which contributed to 50,000 entries in a national protein database
• Automated lab tools and computer-based experiments to streamline and error-proof workflows
• Published literature demonstrating protocol for sensitive screening of foods for carcinogens by
 mass spectrometry

Education
Cornell University
Master of Engineering (M.Eng.), Mechanical Engineering, 2013 - 2014
University of California, Berkeley
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Bioengineering, 2009 - 2013
Activities and Societies:  Bioengineering Honor Society, Cal Taekwondo

Nathan Woo
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Uber

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

