Navid Rojiani
Greater Seattle Area
Software Development Engineer II at Amazon

Experience
Software Development Engineer II at Amazon
March 2017  -  Present  (8 months)

I work on the Checkout team, which owns the Amazon.com checkout experience for all platforms
 (desktop, phone, tablet) and all locales. I contribute to the backend and frontend software,
 particularly the Checkout API and Java web apps. 

Software Development Engineer at Amazon
August 2015  -  March 2017  (1 year 8 months)

• Played a key role in building the Amazon Shopping app for Apple TV (released in Dec. 2016) by
 contributing to both the Checkout REST API and tvOS client app. Worked with both Checkout and
 ShopTV teams to ensure that the "S-Team Goal" was delivered weeks early despite an aggressive
 timeline, and that VP/CEO demos were positively received.
• Worked on a small team designing a REST API for Amazon.com Checkout. My responsibilities
 included designing API schemas for several of the entities, writing documentation & API contract
 specifications, & implementing a mock backend for the API to be used for development of the
 Apple TV client app while the Checkout API was still being developed.
• Contributed to building the Swift tvOS client app by helping to integrate the Checkout API and
 implement the functionality for Checkout and other parts of the app.
• Developed most additional functionality needed to expand the 'Manage Your Payment Methods'
 and associated pages in the 'Your Account' section of the Amazon.com mobile app (& mobile
 browser) to Japan, France, & India.
• Implemented several Checkout-related features for AmazonFresh when it was integrated into the
 Amazon.com Retail Website for mobile app/browser.
• Primary developer for Checkout in the new Fire TV Shopping app after its initial launch in the US.
 During this time we have expanded to Germany & the UK, and partnered with companies to enable
 "Watch & Shop" Fire TV apps.

Software Development Engineer Intern (SDE Intern) at Amazon
May 2014  -  August 2014  (4 months)

• Developed the Voice Search feature in the Amazon Shopping app for Android. This included the
 client code for calling the voice recognition web service (now part of Alexa) in the app,  developing
 the UX (the UI, animations, and sounds) for the feature in native Android, controlling the search
 functionality, & handling user input & error. For this feature I worked with the UX team, Project

 Managers, and consulted with a Senior Software Engineer to ensure that the feature met all
 functional and quality requirements and was delivered on time. The feature is now also used in the
 Amazon Prime Now app.
• Created a prototype app for Google Glass for usability testing of Amazon's voice recognition
 service for the Glass device. Presented the results to researchers & senior engineers.
• Gained experience in Agile methodologies, git, and software design patterns.

Education
Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University
Bachelor’s Degree, Computer Science, 2012 - 2015
Activities and Societies:  Computer Science Community Service (CS-Squared), Notetaking Assistant
 for Students with Disabilities, National Society of Collegiate Scholars
Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University
Bachelor of Science, Psychology, 2005 - 2009
Activities and Societies:  Psychology Club, Psi Chi, National Society of Collegiate Scholars

Navid Rojiani
Greater Seattle Area
Software Development Engineer II at Amazon

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

