Oscar Suarez
Austin, Texas Area
Cloud Software Engineer at IBM

Summary
"software is eating the world"... Looking to be challenged and help create the digital world ahead. 

Experience
Cloud Software Engineer at IBM
June 2015  -  Present  (2 years 5 months)

Provide immediate customer assistance for all customers, from large to small and of all Geo
 locations.

• Resolve moderate to urgent issues for Cloud Business Support System, SmartCloud (with Verse)
 and IBM Connections Cloud services.

• Supply mobile technology support for IBM Cloud services on iOS and Android.

• Work with customers from various environments such as On-Premise, Hybrid and Hosted.

• Collaborate constantly with several development teams and our Client Service Group to resolve
 escalated issues.

• Implement work-around solutions, where appropriate, to secure customer’s productivity. Follow
 through issue raised to resolution to assure customer satisfaction.

Assisted Core Server L2 Support team, in the Philippines, with Domino platform customers.

• Worked with On-Premise customers on a variety of escalated issues including server setup,
 networking, provisioning users, troubleshooting databases and applications.

• Collaborated with various departments, including development teams, in order to resolve pmrs
 effectively.

• Took opportunities to educate customers concerning the benefits of moving to the IBM Cloud.

Cloud Software Engineer Co Op at IBM

January 2014  -  June 2015  (1 year 6 months)

Provided L2 support for IBM Connections Meetings Cloud for all customers and from various Geo
 locations.

• Supported the service on multiple platforms including mobile.

• Communicated with customers over the phone, email and some social networking tools.

• Participated in Blue Opportunity where I worked with a mobile software development team in
 testing and debugging the IBM Expertise app on the iOS and Android platforms.

Tech Liaison at Texas State University
June 2013  -  December 2013  (7 months)

Sought out and tried new ways to apply technology that would help meet the goals of the LBJ
 Student Center serving as the hub for the student body. Coordinated with various departments
 within the student center to gather content for digital displays.

Independent Contractor at Gigwalk
2012  -  2013  (1 year)

Completed contract work for Bing Business Photography via Gigwalk. Produced several types of
 images, including panoramic, to be used on Microsoft’s Bing Maps. Reached out and coordinated
 with local business owners to assure mutual goals were achieved.

Campus Rep at Apple
February 2009  -  December 2011  (2 years 11 months)

Successfully executed monthly marketing projects at Texas State University to increase the
 awareness of Apple's products and services. Continuously generated and cultivated key
 partnerships on campus that helped advance Apple's goals.

•  Experienced continued success in 2010 which culminated in a large iPad workshop with the
 faculty from the Department of Management at Texas State University in San Marcos.

• Incorporated social networking tools to effectively communicate with those on campus regarding
 news and events. Conducted basic troubleshooting and issued recommendations after careful
 analysis.

•  Achieved 18% over goal for Back To School campaign despite not having a store on campus.
 Experienced continued success in 2010 which culminated in a large iPad workshop with the faculty
 from the Department of Management. 

•  Helped mentor new campus reps.

Specialist at Apple
April 2008  -  February 2009  (11 months)

Served as a Specialist at a local Apple Store. Worked in cooperation with the store Business
 Partner to help cultivate and grow sales. Relied upon to encourage others within the store to
 practice a proactive approach in uncovering opportunities.

Education
Texas State University
BA, Computer Science, 2015
Indiana University Bloomington
Informatics

Oscar Suarez
Austin, Texas Area
Cloud Software Engineer at IBM

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

