Dona Sarkar
Chief #NinjaCat - Windows Insider Program at Microsoft

Summary

+I believe that we fixate on the same 2 billion customers over and over again. These customers *already* have
 the best of what we need.   I'd rather focus on the people that actually need our products and services--the next
 5 billion. 

+I'm a believer that modern product development is more Co-Creating with our community rather than creating
 isolation. 

+Our first conversation will likely involve me talking your ear off about the temp tattoo on my arm. 

+You can read the whole deal at donasarkar.com and fibseq.style. 

Experience
Chief #NinjaCat - Windows Insider Program at Microsoft
June 2016  -  Present

The Windows Insiders are the largest community of people using technology to make a lasting impact in the
 world.  Currently, I'm working on co-creating products and services with these curious, passionate learners
 to fulfill our mission: empower EVERY person on the planet to achieve--that includes the next 5 billion
 people. 

Follow along here: http://aka.ms/windowsinsiders 

Principal Product Person - Microsoft HoloLens at Microsoft
June 2005  -  Present

• Working w/ multidisciplinary team of software engineers, product managers, designers to create and ship
 the world’s first Holographic platform’s SDK, code samples, dev tools, documentation, videos on 2/29/16. 
• Shipping daily updates to all developer content as required by our vibrant community.  Loving learning
 alongside the community on what makes a great AR app 
• Fell in love with the friendly VR/AR communities (Seattle VR, Upload VR, SFVR, Boston VR, VRLA) and
 am now running a series of hack-athons for HoloLens on weekends in partnership with these groups.  

Speaker, Advisory Board member + Hiring Manager at http://donasarkar.com
2008  -  Present

• Interviewed & photographed for various media sources such as Cosmopolitan, Wall Street Journal, Marie
 Claire, Brit+Co, Huffington Post, StyleCaster, Fast Company, Glamour magazine, IWantHerJob.com,

Page 1

 Microsoft.com, Channel 9, Microsoft’s Instagram channel and a lot more about my multi-faceted life as an
 engineer, author and fashion designer 
• Invited on stage at MIT, Stanford, Harvard, University of Michigan, University of London, Oxford,
 Cambridge, Edinburgh), business schools (Harvard, IE, Oxford, ESADE, IESE, McCombs School of
 Business) and large organizations (Summit at Sea, Grace Hopper, TAPIA, WISE) to speak at conferences,
 tech road-shows and events on the topics of succeeding in the tech and business worlds 
• Yearly conducted up to 100 technical interviews across the United States, United Kingdom, Canada,
 Australia, Mexico and Argentina to ensure diverse talent acquisition for all teams at Microsoft 
• Formal Mentor to 30+ students, media employees and engineers on the topics of software engineering and
 career planning
 • Advisory Board member to: 
----->Tech Plus Plus – empowering women to use tech to pursue a multitude of careers 
----->IWantHerJob.com – Showcasing ladybosses across industries 

Author at Penguin Random House
2008  -  Present

• Published author of series of non-fiction books pertaining to career development, starting with “You Had
 Me At Hello, World” aimed at students and new-hires similar to my 30+ mentees in the tech and business
 fields.  
• Published author of 3 YA novels, the first of which, “How to Salsa in a Sari” spent several weeks on best-
selling lists
• 3 adult fiction book deal with Penguin/Random House starting with Scattered Ashes in 11/2016 followed by
 two more in 2017 
• Frequent workshop leader at writing conferences such as RWA, PNWA and Willamette, resulting in a
 unique point of view into the needs of non-tech customers 

Co-Founder
2015  -  Present

Fibonacci Sequins is a style blog that showcases and celebrates diversity + personal style in STEM. By
 sharing who we are, we will not only celebrate each other’s individuality, but also show the future STEM-
stars that there isn’t one kind of role model — there are literally hundreds, and no one has changed who they
 are to fit in.

By day, my co-founder, Beth Crane and I are engineers working on HoloLens at Microsoft, and by night,
 we’re a crime-fighting, photo-taking, profile-writing duo. We have really enjoyed meeting amazing people
 from around the world and featuring them as role models as they show off their personal style. 

If you feel that you (or someone you know), would like to be featured on Fibonacci Sequins, please holler!

Owner/Fashion Designer

Page 2

2012  -  2016 (5 years)

Attended New York Fashion Academy and started my own line. Discovered fashion design hasn't evolved
 since the 1920s. It's time to use tech to make this better and more accessible

The first Prima Dona Style pieces ship in the fall of 2016. 

Principal Product Manager Lead - Sysdev.Microsoft.com at Microsoft
2014  -  2015 (2 years)

Product Owner of the central hardware and driver signing service for the Windows brand: the “one stop
 shop” for hardware companies to manufacture & certify devices running Windows as well as a global launch
 strategy that entices first-time Windows hardware developers to opt into the ecosystem  

Fundamentals and Data Science in the PC, Tablets, Phone Division at Microsoft
September 2013  -  2014 (1 year 4 months)

Led a team of engineers to measure and maximize customer delight for the next evolution of Windows
 Desktop, Phone and Tablet devices by mining both quantitative (telemetry, social media data) and qualitative
 (usability and feedback) data from customers to ensure that product decisions are being made based on
 customer need. 

Software Engineering Lead at Microsoft Corp, Redmond WA
2006  -  2012 (7 years)

Windows 8.1 - Led a team of engineers to ship the Backup/Restore and Roaming Settings feature of
 Windows 8.1 and Phone 8.1

Windows 8 - Led a team of engineers to ship the Search and App-to-App features

Windows 7 - Led a team of engineers to ship a pile o' Windows components such as Start Menu Search,
 Explorer Search and Open/Save.

Software Engineer at Microsoft
June 2005  -  June 2006 (1 year 1 month)

Owner of the Autoplay, Bluetooth and Format features for the Windows Vista release.

Education
University of Michigan
BS, Computer Science
Activities and Societies: Alpha Phi Omega, Eta Kappa Nu

Page 3

Dona Sarkar
Chief #NinjaCat - Windows Insider Program at Microsoft

Contact Dona on LinkedIn

Page 4


