Parth Ahluwalia
Greater Boston Area
Software Developer | TripAdvisor

Summary
Parth is a Software Developer working at TripAdvisor for TripAdvisor Flights. He graduated from
 Northeastern University in December 2016 where he majored in Computer Science. He also
 interned at TripAdvisor in summer, 2016 where along with developing end-to-end applications for the
 TripAdvisor Flights, he was also a winner of the TripAdvisor Summer 2016 Hackathon.

He did his co-op as a full-stack JavaScript developer at Cartera Commerce where he gained good
 amount of experience in developing web applications requiring single-page architecture using
 dynamic content and consuming bulk API data, by working in a high-tech environment with cross-
functional teams using agile methodology and processes.

Before pursing graduate studies he worked as an SAP ABAP Developer in Infosys for an year and
 a half, providing ABAP consultancy to a Big Four Accounting client and delivering the solutions to
 convoluted business scenarios to the business users. 

After joining Northeastern University in Fall 2014, he has started further exploring software product
 development in technologies like Java and modern JavaScript frameworks (esp. MEAN stack), and is
 working towards developing a strong track record in these areas.

He received his undergraduate degree in Computer Science Engineering from Guru Gobind Singh
 Indraprastha University.

Experience
Software Engineer at TripAdvisor
February 2017  -  Present  (9 months)

Full-stack Software Developer for Flights Engineering

Software Engineering Intern at TripAdvisor
June 2016  -  August 2016  (3 months)

Role: Full-Stack Developer for the TripAdvisor Flights Engineering

Masters Assistant | CS5610 - Web Development at Northeastern University
January 2016  -  May 2016  (5 months)

Assisting students with the coursework along with working on new technologies in the course

Software Engineering Co-op at Cartera Commerce, Inc
May 2015  -  December 2015  (8 months)

Role: Full-Stack JavaScript Developer for https://www.splender.com

Develop front-end UI and server components for our eCommerce shopping portal - Splender.com -
 using top industry standards like AWS S3 and AWS OpsWorks, best practices and frameworks like
 Bootstrap, Less CSS pre-processor, AngularJS and Node.js .

Develop middleware applications and components in Node.js coupled with Elasticsearch for
 enhancing the search experience and MongoDB (using MongooseJS) for storage.
Designing and consuming APIs and data interchange formats.

 - Implemented persistent cookie based sensitivity layer to personalize user search experience on
 Splender.
 - Developed Splender’s customer referral program including automated transaction tracking and
 rewarding of referral bonuses
 - Migrated Splender emailing system from Amazon SES to Salesforce ExactTarget
 - Implemented content indexer in node.js using Elasticsearch
 - Developed members wishlist functionality for Splender
 - Accomplished large feature implementations using top standards like Promises, Elasticsearch
 and AWS

Systems Engineer at Infosys
August 2012  -  June 2014  (1 year 11 months)

Role : SAP Advanced Business Application Programming (ABAP) Developer/Consultant
Development Platform : SAP R/3, ERP and Business Intelligence & Analytics

Description : Analysis, Design, Implementation, Testing and Maintenance of RICEF obejcts for SAP
 modules - FI/CO, SD and HR of one of the Accounting and Consulting firms from The Big Four.

Responsibilities : 

Report Programming including Classical and ALV programming
RFC and IDOC interface development, customization and management
Batch Data Communication Programming
Customizing and modifying SAP's,standard business applications using BAdIs(Business Add-Ins)
 and Enhancements (user/customer exits)
Creating and maintaining SAPscript forms and SmartForms

Routine programming for complex transformation rules and Analytic Engine

Trainee at HCL Technologies
June 2011  -  July 2011  (2 months)

Implemented an Online Examination system to facilitate any organization to conduct online
 examination to decide the recruitment/promotion criteria for employees, along with maintaining an
 exam profile of each employee.

The system was developed in Python using wxPython GUI package and MySQL database. To
 setup the software in Administrator/Examiner and Employee systems, Windows Batch files were
 written using cx_freeze utilities.

Education
Northeastern University
Master of Science (MS), Computer Science, 2014 - 2016
Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University
Bachelor's Degree, Computer Science Engineering, 2008 - 2012
Activities and Societies:  Techsurge

Parth Ahluwalia
Greater Boston Area
Software Developer | TripAdvisor

1 person has recommended Parth

"It was my esteemed pleasure working with Parth at Cartera Commerce. I coordinated with Parth
for one of his early projects to build a process to use API pushes from our backend servers
to send real-time transactional emails through our Salesforce Marketing Cloud (ExactTarget)
Email Service Provider. Parth took ownership of the project and had an immediate and effective
impact on both my team and the company as a whole. He took initiative to get things done; even
contacting Salesforce tech support himself when he needed help and we were not available.
He was extremely flexible with his time, and he worked equally well both in the office and while
working remotely. He maintained communication while working on the project alone, and he was an
invaluable member when working on a team. He built a functioning prototype of the triggered emails
very quickly, and then perfected a repeatable process that we are still using now. Before his co-op
ended, he made sure to fully document this process and answer any questions we had. I couldn't
have been more impressed with his work, and I very highly recommend him for any position. "
—David Fallon, Senior Manager, Marketing Automation Operations,  Cartera Commerce, Inc – An
Ebates Company,  worked with Parth at Cartera Commerce, Inc

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

