Pavankumar Kolla
Bengaluru Area, India
Software Development Engineer at Microsoft IDC

Summary
Works as Software Development Engineer(SDE) at Microsoft India Development Center Bangalore.
About Me:
Passionate about innovation and research
Having strong fundamentals of computer science
Very much interested in problem finding/solving in system architecture  
Writing high quality and performance effective Code and very much importance given to quality.
Interested in learning new concepts/technology 

Experience
Software Development Engineer at Microsoft
May 2017  -  Present  (6 months)

Software Devlopment Engineer in Test at Microsoft
July 2016  -  April 2017  (10 months)

Software Engineer at Intel Corporation
September 2012  -  July 2016  (3 years 11 months)

Automation framework design and development of Tools,Tool API's, BIOS Security, windows Driver
 tests and  responsible for filing IDF'S and papers.
Invention disclosure forms endorsed in PCCG inventions:
1.Secure Platform telemetry reporting and access control using new algorithm 
2.Intelligent Web Application filtering based on system Energy state
3.Packet marking through processor as root of trust.
4.Secure keyboard using Authenticated key press event communication algorithm for Protecting
 against malicious key loggers
5.An efficient system architecture for single screen shared by multiple users with different views
6.Secure display for client systems based on intrusion detection

Graduate intern technical at Intel Corporation
September 2011  -  May 2012  (9 months)

Worked as a Graduate Intern technical at Intel and completed my M.Tech., project work with thesis
 Title  “Workload Behavioral Pattern Analysis under Miscellaneous Operating Conditions Using
 Code Injection Methodology”

Development work done At Intel during internship:
• Workload characterization experiments
• User behavior based experiments with RUBiS and DVD store workloads.
• I designed and implemented the workload container that will do the performance analysis for an
 registered workload. It consist of PHP with MySQL and HTML pages for workload container.  
• I developed a tool called ITWT(In C++) that will capture the workload behavior with respect to
 seconds. This tool mainly used for workload behavior pattern analysis, power optimizations and
 architecture independent performance for a workload.
• I designed a new framework that will reduce the command execution time for cloud computing.
• Automated scripts for parsing, plotting data and for running workload with different parameters,
• I worked with a pin tool called snapcim for improving performance(a tool for finding regions of
 computed in memory regions)
• I have a familiarity with kvm virtual machine environment. We are working with virtual machine for
 doing experiments on RUBiS, DVD store workloads and SPECCPU2006 benchmarks. 
• We are capturing the perf-kvm and resource usage information for a workload and we are trying to
 come up with a model that will be useful for a workload scheduling using cloud stack.
• Implemented and designed a Hashing scheme (data structure) for server management in cloud.
• Capturing and analyzing the performance data for workload using DC angle.

Education
Indian Institute of Technology, Hyderabad
Master’s Degree, Data science in Department of computer science and engineering, 2016 - 2018
Activities and Societies:  Learning all concepts in data science and machine learning and applying it
 in real world problems in the course work assignments ,implementing algorithms using appropriate
 programming languages and tools.
Vellore Institute of Technology
Master's Degree, Computer Science and engineering, 2010 - 2012
JNTU kakinada
Bachelor's Degree, Information Technology, 2006 - 2010
Activities and Societies:  JNTU kakinada 18th rank in IT on all JNTUK affiliated colleges and
 Departmental topper in college.
Nalanda jr college
Intermediate, 2004 - 2006
Activities and Societies:  Maths,physics,chemistry
sri kakuleswara zilla parishat high school (SK ZPH )
High School, SSC, 2004
Activities and Societies:  School topper .Goldmedalist

Pavankumar Kolla
Bengaluru Area, India
Software Development Engineer at Microsoft IDC

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

