Priyankar Nandi
Greater Seattle Area
Software Development Engineer at Amazon

Summary
- Knowledge and hands-on experience on working with distributed systems and big data with
 technologies like Hadoop, HBase, Hive, Pig, Kafka, Storm and Elasticsearch

- Full-stack web application developer with experience in front-end application development and
 server side programming.

- Hands-on experience in utilizing Java related tools, which includes Java Enterprise Edition (Java
 EE), Spring, Hibernate, iBATIS, Java Server Pages (JSP), and Java Database Connectivity (JDBC)
 technologies, in client-server environments.

- Exposure to UI development using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX and Flex

- Experience with building automated scripts in UNIX and Python for build, deployment and testing
 large-scale systems

Experience
Software Development Engineer at Amazon
March 2016  -  Present  (1 year 8 months)

Software Engineering Intern at Reflektion
May 2015  -  August 2015  (4 months)

• Designed and developed a data pipeline to capture the user activities from the browser and store
 it in Cassandra using Kafka and Storm, thereby using the data for search result personalization
 and improve click through rate.
• Increased the performance of the search queries by 20% by caching the MongoDB calls,
 optimizing product indexing and introducing filters in the existing Elasticsearch queries.
• Automated monitoring of search servers by developing a cron job with appropriate notifications for
 events and failures.
• Delivered an internal tool to compare the search results and performance of various development
 versions and production version, which prevented any unwanted modification in the existing
 functionality with newly added features.

Software Engineer at Cognizant Technology Solutions
November 2009  -  July 2014  (4 years 9 months)

• Spearheaded complex business functionality within short period of time using Java and Flex
 by agile mode of development for one of the top investment banks in the world for their client
 onboarding process.
• Emphasized and collaborated in building a common framework project which consisted of
 reusable service layer code and rich user interface components using HTML, JavaScript, AJAX,
 jQuery for being used as a library in other projects of the client.
• Automated the maven build and deployment process by writing a shell script reducing hours of
 manual efforts to minutes.
• Developed web services to communicate with external systems like document management
 system and contact repositories.
• Trained new team members to understand the existing system, business functionality and new
 technologies which increased the team productivity significantly.

Education
University at Buffalo
Master’s Degree, Computer Science, 2014 - 2015
West Bengal University of Technology
Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.), Computer Science and Engineering, 2005 - 2009

Priyankar Nandi
Greater Seattle Area
Software Development Engineer at Amazon

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

