Priya Dhumal
Greater Seattle Area
Program Manager, Supply Chain Optimization Technologies at Amazon.com

Summary
Immense interest in the field of EDI, Social Network ,Big Data, Data Analysis and Cloud computing.
 Possess Excellent Presentation, Interpersonal and Leadership Skills.

✔ EDI and EAI : ANSIX12, EDIFACT, RI, ACTIS, SFTP, OFTP

✔ Business Intelligence: SAS Enterprise Miner, Tableau, SPSS

✔ Reporting Tools: Tableau, Microstrategy, SAS , MS Excel , Google Analytics

✔ Project Management: Agile Methodology, SDLC, Microsoft Project

✔ Big Data Technologies: Hadoop, MapReduce, MongoDB 

✔ Statistical Modeling: SAS, MS Excel, Regression Analysis, SSIS ,Statistical Analysis

✔ Database Technology: MS SQL, Oracle SQL, Terracotta, MS ACCESS

✔ Data Modeling and Object Oriented Design: UML, Star Schema, Snowflake Schema

Experience
Program Manager at Amazon
August 2014  -  Present  (3 years 3 months)

Software Engineer / Systems Analyst at Atos
September 2009  -  December 2012  (3 years 4 months)

Software Engineering Intern- Final Year Project at SecurView
August 2008  -  April 2009  (9 months)

Developed a Security Information Management Solution (SIMS) Prototype

To design and implement a basic Network Security Monitoring System with the capacity to track
 real time device alerts/information/logs generated by the various devices configured on a network;
 and to provide network status reporting with appropriate UI. 
The UI designed for groundwork increased the company productivity by 400% and reduced the
 manpower nearly by 40 hours/person; this was appreciable by the company.
The UI generates reports in the form of various pie charts, bar charts and tables. There is a query
 interface also provided for the network administrator to enable him retrieve reports depending on
 his query.
As a key team member, I was involved in: 
• Technical writing for the project report
• Database connectivity
• Research on CISCO ASA 1700 series logs
• Involved in design of Query Interface, peer review 
• Weekly Reports and Security Information Management System UI

Education
State University of New York at Buffalo
Master's degree, Management Information Systems, General, 2013 - 2014
University of Pune
Bachelor's degree, Information Technology, 2005 - 2009

Priya Dhumal
Greater Seattle Area
Program Manager, Supply Chain Optimization Technologies at Amazon.com

2 people have recommended Priya

"Priya is a go getter. She has liking for technology and an urge to do something different. she
is quick learner,good team player, hard working with good sense to make business using
technology.She has very good analysis and business skills. She will be an asset to which ever
company she joins! "
—Mayur Kadu, Software Developer,  ICE Data Services/Intercontinental Exchange,  worked with
Priya at Atos

"Priya has great technical skills in addition to being a very quick learner. The ability to take
something and run with it, making it better in the process. An amazing member of any team Priya
adds professional, personable contributions to her teams. Hard working doesn't come close to
describing how much you can rely on Priya to get the job done. As mentioned earlier she will not
only get it done but knock it out of the park while she is doing it. I look forward to working with her
again if the chance presents itself."
—Jim Lowell, EDI Manager,  JS Products, Inc.,  managed Priya at Amazon

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

