Pujitha Sri Lakshmi Paladugu
Dallas/Fort Worth Area
Software Engineer at Intel Corporation/Actively Looking for full time opportunities.

Summary
Graduate  student passionate to work in the fields of Java programming, Data Analytics and Mobile
 computing
Experience of working with Multinational Financial company Bank of New York for 3 years. 
Good experience in working with machine learning and BigData technologies like Hadoop,
 Mapreduce, Pig, Hive, Apache spark, R programming.
Worked on  developing various Back-end and front end applications.
Involved in all the stages of software development life cycle.
Strong skills in project management and  problem solving.

Experience
Software Engineer at Intel Corporation
September 2016  -  Present  (1 year 2 months)

Developing scripts in groovy, Java and Python to automate and run the Protex IP scans periodically
 for graphic driver software at Intel.

Designing internal software for testing the graphics Drivers build using C#, xml, SQL server, Jquery
 and Visual studio remote debugger.

Working with diverse set of teams to release the driver software without any license obligations
 once the scanning is completed.

Hands on experience and profound understanding in build configuration tools like Quickbuild,
 Perforce, and Git.

Implementing scripts in Python to effectively run Klocwork scans on individual components of driver
 and send the results to driver Developer community based on their feedback.

Software Engineering Intern at Intel Corporation
June 2015  -  December 2015  (7 months)

Involved in the development of Graphics Automation framework to support automated  test
 execution, compilation, analysis, validation, reporting and release of Intel Graphics driver software

Developed a tool in Python that communicates with rest services to send and receive various test
 cases data from the web UI for graphics automation test execution application.

Developed a testing Framework in python to test the web UI changes done in the Graphics
 Automation execution tool. 

Resolved various defects like reconfiguring the missing log for the graphics analysis tool, missing
 field information while sending data to the build team etc. in Jira bug tracking tool.

Reduced manual task of redeploying various failed builds by developing a tool in python to
 automatically redeploy the failed ones

Improved the performance of search option in splunk data analysis tool by adding new source types
 in the configurations that partitioned large data into various small groups.

Application Developer at BNY Mellon
August 2011  -  July 2014  (3 years)

• Involved in the development and design of the project to get the trades from the institutions,    
   segregate the trades, and allocate the trades to the account holders by identifying the account
 holders.
• Played key role in tracking, resolving the issues during the business signoff and securing the  
 certification from the vendor(OMGEO).
•Coordinated with the front end and testing team in regression testing.
•Designed and developed a frame work to notify the alerts and issues encountered in the  
 productions in order to resolve the issues quickly.

Education
The University of Texas at Dallas
Master's degree, Computer Science, 2014 - 2016
Shanmugha Arts, Science, Technology and Research Academy
Bachelor's degree, Computer Science, 2007 - 2011

Pujitha Sri Lakshmi Paladugu
Dallas/Fort Worth Area
Software Engineer at Intel Corporation/Actively Looking for full time opportunities.

1 person has recommended Pujitha Sri Lakshmi

"I am Pujitha's mentor cum co-worker at Intel Corporation, I consider Pujitha as an intelligent co-
worker with a great potential to excel in whatever she embarks on. She is an intelligent, hard
working person. I liked the way she dedicated herself to the work at hand till it was finished.
Her approach to problem solving is great, as she seeks to find simple solutions to complicated
problems. I wish her all the very best for the future! "
—Vartika Paul, Senior Software Engineer - Photoshop Build and Release Tools,  Adobe,  worked
directly with Pujitha Sri Lakshmi at Intel Corporation

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

