Qing Zhang
San Francisco Bay Area
Machine Learning Engineer at Airbnb

Summary
Machine learning for search ranking. 

Natural language processing on user-generated e-comerce listing data. Especially named entity
 recognition using both supervised machine learning and clustering algorithms.

Machine learning: link prediction in complex networks, document classification and sequencing data
 tagging. Automatic hypothesis generation by mining large-scaled biomedical literature and existing
 protein-protein interaction network structures.

Graph analysis: complex network analysis, including scientific collaboration networks, citation
 networks and protein-protein interaction networks.  Develop algorithms for link prediction and object
 ranking based on the topology and semantic characteristics.

Information retrieval : document indexing and search quality improvement, query construction.

Specialties: machine learning, social network analysis, graph analysis, NLP, information retrieval

Experience
Machine Learning Engineer at Airbnb
June 2016  -  Present  (1 year 5 months)

Search team. Machine learning for search ranking on Airbnb.

Applied Researcher at eBay Inc
March 2014  -  June 2016  (2 years 4 months)

Structured data team, Marketplace. Working on natural language processing tasks, such as named
 entity recognition from user generated listing data. Mainly using supervised machine learning
 techniques such as logistic regression, (recurrent) neural networks. Implement big data machine
 learning solutions with Spark. 

Research Assistant at University of Massachusetts
February 2013  -  February 2014  (1 year 1 month)

Department of Quantitive Health Sciences. Automatic generate protein-protein interaction
 hypothesis by mining biomedical literature and existing interaction relations. The work could
 potentially help biologist to efficiently identify their research target.

Continue the work of scientific collaboration recommendation.

Research Assistant at University of Wisconsin Milwaukee
September 2012  -  January 2013  (5 months)

Scientific collaboration network analysis. Build machine learning models to learn the patterns of
 collaborations in biomedicine, and recommend future collaborators for researchers.

Intern at DataXu
June 2012  -  August 2012  (3 months)

Optimization team. Apply machine learning for online advertising. Train classification models on
 extremely unbalanced data set to predict the likelihood of the online audience of buying a certain
 product.

Research Assistant at University of Wisconsin Milwaukee
January 2012  -  June 2012  (6 months)

Citation graph analysis with 4 million articles, and authors, institutions, journals associated. Article/
author ranking, document classification. Mining the rich knowledge from medical literature.

Intern at NextBio
July 2011  -  November 2011  (5 months)

Member of text analysis team. 1) Named entity extraction from medical literature. Improve the
 disambiguation result. 2) Worked on different types of indexing, including medical abstract, full text,
 and auto-complete index. 3) Search quality improvement, facet search, filter search.

Research Assistant at University of Wisconsin Milwaukee
September 2008  -  June 2011  (2 years 10 months)

I've been working on citation analysis and clinical document classification. 1) Citation recognition.
 Developed a citation parser to extract citation information from PDF article. The full citation in the
 end of the article is mapped to the occurrence in the text. The fields, such as author and title,  of
 the citation are also identified. 2) Citation graph analysis. Rank the author authorization and article
 impact in the same network using the mutual reinforcement relations of the author and the article.
 3)  Clinical evidence classifier. Build a collection of classifiers to identify clinical related articles and
 classify them into clinical-interested categories such as diagnosis and treatment.

Software Engineer at Quality Easy Inc. (Beijing, China)
July 2007  -  July 2008  (1 year 1 month)

Worked on the project of EosTest. The product is an automatic Web service testing tool for
 Primeton (http://www.primeton.com/en/) product EosStudio. Worked on system design, and the
 development of the module "Test Case Design Unit".

Intern at IBM
July 2006  -  November 2006  (5 months)

I was in Domain Analysis team, China SOA Design Center, IBM China Development Lab . I worked
 on the development of Heat Map customization/meta-model customization/the testing of version2.0

Education
University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee
PhD, Computer Science, 2008 - 2014
Activities and Societies:  Machine learning, information retrieval
Beihang University
Master, Software Engineering, 2004 - 2007
Beihang University
Bachelor, Mechanical Engineering, 2000 - 2004

Qing Zhang
San Francisco Bay Area
Machine Learning Engineer at Airbnb

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

