Raghav Baldania
San Francisco Bay Area
Sales Engineering - Google Cloud at Google

Experience
Sales Engineering - Google Cloud at Google
September 2017  -  Present  (2 months)

Solutions Engineer at JFrog
April 2016  -  September 2017  (1 year 6 months)

Software Engineer at EMC
June 2012  -  April 2016  (3 years 11 months)

Software Engineer Intern at Allied Telesis
February 2012  -  May 2012  (4 months)

• Worked closely with SNMP and implement SNMP on ATI switch series 9000 and dc2552xs.
 Perform software design and
implementation for packet processing in hardware and software
• Contributed in development of command line interface and resolve bugs pertaining to command
 line interface and integrated SNMP

Education
San Jose State University
Bachelor of Science, Computer Science, 2008 - 2012

Raghav Baldania
San Francisco Bay Area
Sales Engineering - Google Cloud at Google

5 people have recommended Raghav

"Raghav helped our team with the tooling requirements for one of our projects. He was very
proactive and followed through on all his action items. It was a pleasure working with Raghav."
—'Raj' Rajesh Palani, Director, Software Engineering,  EMC,  worked with Raghav at EMC

"I had the opportunity to work with Raghav at JFrog. He has a unique capability of taking something
technical and explaining it at a high-level. He really good with white boarding and explaining really
technical features quickly. In short - he is bright, ambitious and great to work with. I wish him all the
best in the future. "
—Ibrahim "Ibby" Rahmani, Director of Product Marketing,  JFrog,  worked with Raghav at JFrog

"Raghav and I had the pleasure of working together at EMC, where he and his peers provided
tools and services to support my organization. Raghav is always fully engaged in understanding his
customer's requirements, provides the right solution, with high quality, in the right amount of time,
and does so with a great attitude and smile. Perfect."
—David Buck, Sr. Director, Engineering Labs and Services,  FireEye, Inc.,  worked with Raghav at
EMC

"I worked with Ragav in JFrog from 2016 to 2017. I can say that Ragav is a highly competent
professional and a great person. He is very knowledgeable in software development flow and
the technologies involved in DevOps. He also is very focused and enthusiastic on provide our
customers the best service and quality. Ragav proved his competence working on many sessions
he had with customers pre-sales, trainings and support."
—Edmilson Peixoto, Director of Solution Development,  JFrog,  worked directly with Raghav at
JFrog

"Raghav is truly a star. He is prepared for meetings with clients and also comes to events with the
latest in product developments ready to demo, discuss and educate other technical members of
staff at the highest or most intricate level. Raghav also shines in webinars or any channel where

he can speak to potential or actual clients as he has a rare combination of technical depth and
business savvy. Raghav is truly a potential asset to anyone who needs a client-facing, personable
communicator, or a super deep technical engineer who can demo a full stack solution."
—Claudia Ring, Global Event Strategy Manager,  JFrog,  worked with Raghav at JFrog

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

