Rahul Mehrotra
San Francisco Bay Area
Site Reliability Engineer: Platform Infrastructure & Self Driving Cars at Uber

Summary
A highly motivated Cloud & DevOps Engineer with hands on skills in architecting highly scalable and
 fault tolerant cloud architecture, automating infrastructure deployment and orchestration, continuous
 integration, rolling updates for application and monitoring.

Current expertise and experience include but not limited to

Cloud Technologies: Amazon Web Services (AWS), OpenStack, Google Cloud Engine
DevOps Technologies: Packer, Terraform, Ansible, Chef, Docker, Vagrant, Cobbler, Splunk, Jenkins
Virtualization Technologies: KVM, Virtualbox, ESXi, HyperV
Monitoring: Nagios, WatchMouse
Database: MySQL, Redis, MongoDB
Languages: Python, C/C++, Java

Certifications:
AWS Certified Solution Architect - Associate
AWS Certified SysOps Administrator - Associate
CCNA
CCENT

Experience
Site Reliability Engineer at Uber
April 2016  -  Present  (1 year 7 months)

Working on scaling out Uber's datacenter to cloud & making Uber's Self Driving car Infrastructure
 more reliable

• Winner of MVP (Most Valuable Peer) Award
• Nominated member of SRE culture working group to help provide recommendation to SRE
 Leadership & Uber's Executive Leadership team on improving overall culture of Uber's SRE org. 
• Part of Uber's Emergency Response Team (Uber Hero Team)

Software Engineer: Cloud & DevOps at Nokia Technologies

February 2015  -  March 2016  (1 year 2 months)

• Architect a highly available, scalable and fault-tolerant infrastructure on AWS
• Automate infrastructure creation, deployment and recovery using Ansible/Salt, Docker, Terraform
 & Jenkins.
•       Jenkins and Ansible based large-scale deployment of java and nodejs application
• Implement zero-downtime rolling updates for applications in cloud.
• Automate multiple VPC pairing across same and different AWS accounts to facilitate resource
 sharing and communication.
• Owned and managed cloud-server components such as Docker-registry, iPython-server ,Crash-
log server, Mesos and Salt Master.
• Co-coordinating with development team for efficient Cloud-Based predictions for popular Z-
launcher.
• Service status monitoring using DataDog & New Relic to provide complete overview of system
 health.
• Code analysis using coverity & code-coverage using jacoco
• Scrum Master: Facilitate release planning, daily scrum meetings, reviews, user story selection and
 task definition using Rally Agile Project Management Software.

Cloud Application / Infrastructure Developer Intern at Juniper Networks
June 2014  -  November 2014  (6 months)

• Established continuous integration environment using Packer and Jenkins.
• Performed configuration management, system orchestration and application deployment using
 Ansible and Ansible Tower
• Constructed a continuous infrastructure and application deployment pipeline on Amazon Web
 Services (AWS)
• Performed stress testing on automation pipeline and active environment change tracking using
 Edda.

Web Master at Renu Skin Care
January 2009  -  April 2013  (4 years 4 months)

Collaborated with client to identify the requirements within their budget, designed a rough layout
 and submitted it to client for evaluation.
Designed the final layout and developed the website. Added a few features based on clients
 changed requirements. Purchased and registered the domain for client. Hosted the website on the
 server

Branch Councellor & Tutor at MT Educare Limited
June 2010  -  August 2012  (2 years 3 months)

• Worked in a corporate environment, responsibility was to handle incoming inquiries and increase
 admissions, Target a customer base and to make them purchase course packages.

• The organization witnessed twice as much admission than previous year. I was appreciated by my
 seniors for my work.
•       Worked on tutoring high-school students in subjects like Physics, Chemistry, Maths and
 Computer Science.

Networking Trainee at ViaWeb Technologies
June 2010  -  July 2010  (2 months)

During my internship at ViaWeb Technologies I learnt
•  How to Design a Structured Network
•  Installing and Configuration of Router
•  Defining rules in configuration of a Fire-wall
along with use of Linux Operating System.

Education
San Jose State University
Master's degree, Computer Engineering, 2013 - 2015
Activities and Societies:  Society Of Computer Engineers
University of Mumbai
B.E., Computers, 2009 - 2013
Activities and Societies:  NSS-TSEC, IEEE-TSEC, ISTE-TSEC, CSI-TSEC

Rahul Mehrotra
San Francisco Bay Area
Site Reliability Engineer: Platform Infrastructure & Self Driving Cars at Uber

3 people have recommended Rahul

"Rahul build and manages the website for Renu Skin Care (Renusskincare.com). He has ingenious
web skills with an eye for detail. He was able to complete the task timely and continues to manage
it properly, keeping up with the changes and updates we want to add. Our website has received a
lot of complements over the years and it is because he keeps it user friendly and up to date."
—Suhani Mehrotra, Clinical Student ,  Intellectual Property Clinic,  managed Rahul at Renu Skin
Care

"It was a pleasure working with Rahul over the summer. Both his passion and "can do" attitude
is a welcome to any team. He establishes a high standard for quality and is not satisfied until
he exceeds all his objectives without compromise. Rahul did a fantastic job with his challenging
summer project taking automation to the next level for us in a cloud environment. "
—Jerry Ibrahim, Sr Director Software Engineering & Architecture,  Tesla,  managed Rahul indirectly
at Juniper Networks

"Rahul joined my team as a new graduate but had built essential experience in tools and services
such as AWS and Ansible both during his previous internship and through self-motivated study -
a factor that made his hire an easy decision. Rahul has subsequently continued to prove me right.
He is keen and quick to learn, taking on many new technologies and driving their implementation
forward. If your team needs a hard-working dev ops. engineer with infrastructure-as-code, cloud
orchestration, containerization and deployment experience then I highly recommend Rahul."
—Simon Turvey, VP Engineering,  Trint,  managed Rahul at Nokia Technologies

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

