Rashmi Shukla
State College, Pennsylvania Area
Graduate Assistant at Penn State World Campus

Summary
I am software engineer at TripAdvisor and am interested in professional networking with like minded
 fellow software enthusiasts.
I have done my masters from Penn State in the field of Electrical Engg. My Masters thesis is
 development on android platform. Apart from taking courses related to software, I have ensured that I
 keep in touch with everyday programming by taking up part time jobs.
Prior to my post graduate education,  I was working as Java developer and MIS lead at Tata
 Consultancy Services.
I am passionate about coding, and as you can see from my profile, I donot let  language be a barrier!  

Experience
Software Engineer at TripAdvisor
December 2015  -  Present  (1 year 11 months)

My role at TA encompasses working with a spectrum of technology. As a part of the hotel
 connectivity team, I deal with code that forms an interface between TA and its partners. Although
 mostly focussed in Java technologies, this position has given me the opportunity to take up python
 and some bash coding too!

Graduate Assistant at Penn State World Campus
August 2014  -  September 2015  (1 year 2 months)

My responsibilities included, automation using Javascript and php. I was also responsible for
 documenting the changes and creating training material

PHP Programmer at Penn State University
January 2014  -  July 2014  (7 months)

  Project involves catalouging the various resources obtained during civil war and save it in
 digitized format.
 Uses Omeka platform and PHP for programming.
 Also working with Scripto (mediaWiki plugin)

Systems Engineer at Tata Consultancy Services
November 2010  -  June 2013  (2 years 8 months)

 Second topper of Initial Learning Program of TCS at Ahmedabad (AHD-09).

• Project I: Central Registry of Securitization Asset Reconstruction and Security Interest of India
 (February-2011 – May 2012 )
 The project involved implementation of the virtual model of SARFAESI Act of finance ministry of
 India (CERSAI).
 Involved in creation of design document from the RFP (Request for proposal) and database
 design.
 Implementated front end using JSP (Java Server Pages) and JQuery.
 Servlets and Java formed the middle layer.
 Used Oracle database (version 10G) for back end.
 Implementation used Apache Tomcat server for development and JBoss for production.
 Responsible for reporting module of the project. IntelliVIEW Designer and Reporter (Reporting
 tools by Synaptris) were used for same.
 Also, conducted end user training for CERSAI at various client locations.

• Project II: National Payments Corporation of India - ACH (May 2012 – June 2013 )
 The project involved automation of the clearing house process.
 It included configuring ACH (Automatic Clearing House), MMS Mandate Management System)
 and DMS (Dispute Management System) functionality by Montran.
 SFG (Sterling File Gateway) by IBM was used for getting the data from end users.
 IntelliVIEW Designer and Reporter were used for reporting.
 DB2 database was used in the backend.
 Setup and installation of the tools on linux servers in cluster.
 Also, responsible for Report requirement gathering, designing and development.

Education
Penn State University
Master of Science (MS), Electrical Engineering Technologies/Technicians, 2013 - 2015
Vidyalankar Institute Of Technology
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering, 2006 - 2010
Activities and Societies:  Electronics and Telecommunication Student Association IEEE
Smt S. S. High School
High School, Science, 1997 - 2006
Activities and Societies:  Kathak Dancer, Shotokan karate

Rashmi Shukla
State College, Pennsylvania Area
Graduate Assistant at Penn State World Campus

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

