Ravi Karanam
Austin, Texas Area
Technical Program Manager at Dell

Summary
Highly motivated hands-on Technical Program Manager with 14 years of experience in the Software
 Engineering/Development field. Dynamic professional with proven ability to draw upon experience
 gained in Financial Services, E-Commerce and Web Development. Equipped with Exceptional
 technical proficiency, detailed business process understanding and efficient execution of key
 performance indicators.

 Expert in managing multiple programs and projects with budgets range from $300 K to $4 Million
 Ability to work closely with senior management to align and communicate engineering deliverables
 with the long-term strategy and vision of the company 
 Agile Program Manager playing the role of cross functional Scrum of Scrum master (RTE) to help
 feature teams resolve impediments, dependencies and prioritizations challenges.
 Managed software development backlogs for Financial Service clients in following functional areas :
 Fraud Prevention, Credit Origination, Payment processing, Mortgage applications
 Experienced at all levels of the Engineering organization from software development, system
 architecture, Project Management, Resource management and Strategic planning.
 Managed stakeholder communication regarding Score cards, Project updates, Release Plans
 and deliverables. Ensure regular, active communication with adjacent programs and external
 stakeholders, including international regions.
 Experience in Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)/Web Services, Web development, EAI
 Application frameworks, Object Oriented design and business process modeling.

Specialties

* Technologies - Web Services, HTML,Javascript, XML, Hibernate, Struts, J2EE, SOAP, HTML5, 
 SOA, MVC 4
* Languages  - Java, C, .Net 
* Tools - MS Office Suite, MS Project, Visio, Rational Rose, BMC Remedy, CA Clarity(PPM), Troux,
 ChangePoint(PPM)
* Methodologies  - Agile, Waterfall, RUP

Experience

Principal Technical Program Manager at Dell
December 2015  -  Present  (1 year 11 months)

• Managed the development and productization of Single buyer platform supporting Customer
 management, APOS, SFDC integration features.
• Technology stack includes AngularJS, JavaScript, HTML5, JSON, AJAX,  .Net, RESTful  API,
 Bootstrap,  SFDC integration, ASP.NET MVC 4.0 
• Engaged cross functional communication between product, engineering, QA, business teams.
• Conducted Scrum of Scrums sessions across multiple feature teams to identify interdependencies
 and eliminate impediments. Responsible for the program backlog management.
• Provide senior management with visibility into development progress through metric reporting.
 And updating executive team on program status with weekly Scorecard reports 
• Responsible for Roadmap planning workshops and align program with business objectives.
• Proactive in removing and anticipating road blocks that frequently challenge feature teams.

Software Development Project/Program Manager at Dell
November 2009  -  November 2015  (6 years 1 month)

Technical Program Manager (2014 – present)
• Responsible for organizing and leading Release Planning for multiple scrum teams assigned to a
 product or product feature group resulting in the creation of a product roadmap. 
• Conducted Scrum of Scrums sessions across multiple feature teams to establish
 interdependencies and eliminate impediments. Responsible for the program backlog management.
• Provide senior management with visibility into development practices through metric reporting.
 And updating executive team on program status with weekly Scorecard reports 
• Responsible for Roadmap planning and resource allocation to projects.
• Manage stakeholder communication regarding Release Plans and Release deliveries. Ensure
 regular, active communication with adjacent programs and external stakeholders, including
 international regions 
• Prioritize defect resolution against feature enhancement. Co-ordinate with product owner to add
 Impediment backlogs back to product backlog
• Evaluate and recommend improvements to company processes related to product management,
 including but not limited to: business case, project proposal process, detailed product
 requirements, testing scenarios and plans

Software Project Manager (2009 – 2013)
• Responsible for Facilitating meetings for Backlog grooming, daily scrums, sprint planning, demo
 and retrospective meetings.
• Collaborated with cross functional global teams (Engineering, IT, Consumer/SMB business, Sales,
 Marketing, Risk, Credit, Shared support teams) to successfully deliver projects.

• Forecasts resources and financials to ensure that the project is on track to meet project funding
 and budget.
• Proficient in using TFS, for planning, backlog grooming, tracking progress, creating reports,
 assigning tasks and defect tracking.
• Led the transition from waterfall operations into a Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) development
 environment for multiple teams. 

Project Lead at Dell
January 2007  -  October 2009  (2 years 10 months)

Key member of the DFS Technical Architecture and Governing Board committee. This team defines
 the technical standards for DFS IT.
Experience in service oriented architectures/web services, application frameworks, Object Oriented
 design and business process modeling
Lead projects from Envisioning to Stabilization phase. Involved in the complete SDLC cycle of
 project development.
Generated  and deployed web services for RAMS application using Weblogic 8.1 . 
Creating and modifying of web services using Apache Axis1.6  and deploying on Tomcat.
Configuring Hibernate in J2EE application, writing HQL, using tables created in oracle by hibernate
 mapping. 
Developing front end module using Struts, Javascript, CSS, Html and JSP Taglibs. Extensive
 development of JSPs, Action Classes,  and Action Servlets
Creating Ant scripts to build and deploy J2EE application on weblogic and Tomcat servers.
Expert in integration of applications A2A using Webmethods Integration server, Modeller, Broker,
 deployer and Mywebmethods tools .Involved in developing, building and deploying Webmethods
 services, models and broker documents.
Involved in code review, Unit testing (JUnit), integration testing, and bug fixing.
Extensive experience in Troubleshooting and supporting  production  and Test environments

Senior Software Engineer at Freddie Mac
October 2005  -  December 2006  (1 year 3 months)

• Improved the mortgage application process experience, by building a system to recalculate
 mortgage payments for customers and agents based on their selection of Buy up and Buy down
 grid options.
• Generated reports displaying Buy up and Buy down grids based on customer’s information,
 which helps agents and customers in making better decisions while procuring a home loan though
 Freddie Mac.

Systems Engineer at Bank of America
November 2002  -  September 2005  (2 years 11 months)

• Built the first Online based Credit card Application system for all call centers and branches of
 Bank of America
• Enhanced quality of credit and reduced application processing time by implementing system to
 run credit Adjudication rules based on customer data before offering credit cards.
• Create a system that offers Card management services like checking accounts, statements and
 expense to corporate customers of Bank of America which helped the bank to retain critical clients.

Assistant Systems Engineer at TCS
August 2001  -  August 2002  (1 year 1 month)

• Developed insurance claim processing application for New Mexico department of Labor, which
 improved claim processing cycle time and gathered better metrics for future improvement of
 process.
• Retained customers and gained market share for Mercateo AG (Germany) by building an
 application that facilitated procurement and sourcing features for small business customers.

Education
The University of Texas at Austin - The Red McCombs School of Business
MBA, Business Administration and Management, General, 2010 - 2013
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
Bachelor of Technology (BTech), Electrical and Electronics Engineering, 1997 - 2001

Ravi Karanam
Austin, Texas Area
Technical Program Manager at Dell

3 people have recommended Ravi

"I worked with Ravi during my time at Dell on several projects. Ravi is a great person to work with
and has excellent ideas for project development. He is extremely knowledgeable on technology
and helped me with my understanding of technologies I had not worked with previously. I would not
hesitate to work with Ravi again on any project."
—Buck Cornforth, IT Project Manager,  Humana,  worked directly with Ravi at Dell

"Ravi is a very detailed and organized Project Manager. He delivered a very highly complex and
visible project at Dell that consisted of 5 internal and 10 plus extended teams involved while in the
IT Dell Financial Services space. He kept management informed in where he needed assistance so
action could be taken to keep the project on target as this was a highly time sensitive deliverable.
He worked countless extended hours across multiple time zones and knocked down roadblocks on
his own accord without the need for management intervention. Wherever Ravi may go in the future
he will bring these great skills with him into that new team/organization and make their projects
successful and also be able to mentor junior project managers and level up the organization."
—Gary Zupancic, PMP, CSM, Sr Program & Project Manager Consultant at Hewlett Packard
Enterprise,  Kforce Inc,  worked directly with Ravi at Dell

"I had worked with Ravi for several years at Dell. We collaborated on many projects together and
he had always provided ingenious solutions to the problems I asked him to help me with. Even
when discussing projects with him, Ravi was never short of ideas to try out."
—Jeff Eltgroth, Senior Software Engineer,  TriNet,  worked directly with Ravi at Dell

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

