Ricardo Alberto Gaviria
Ireland
Embedded Vision Software Engineer at Valeo Vision

Summary
Experienced Embedded Software Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the automotive
 industry. Passionate about software development best practices and smooth processes. Skilled in C
++, Search Engine Optimization (SEO), DevOps, Ruby on Rails, Ruby, Python. Strong engineering
 professional with a Masters in Engineering (MAI) focused in Electronic and Computer Engineering
 from Trinity College, Dublin. 

Experience
Embedded Vision Software Engineer at Valeo
September 2015  -  Present  (2 years 2 months)

- Integration of automotive computer vision applications onto embedded platforms (TI, ARM).
- Responsible for coordinating software releases within our team, and improving our software
release process.
- Software development and maintenance in C++ code base. Adherance to MISRA standards and
 ASIL safety rating.
- Involved in contribution of company culture improvement, bringing best practices (mercurial,
modular software development) and developing process automation tools with python.

Growth at Learn Signal
September 2014  -  August 2015  (1 year)

As an early stage startup I worked on a number of tasks: growth, product, strategy. We would do
 whatever it takes too "move the needle" i.e. get users and help create a good product. 

Tasks include:
+ Web design (HTML, CSS) 
+ Online marketing: social and display ads (Facebook Ads, Google Adwords, SEO, Twitter, etc..)
+ Project Management: managing tasks and keeping track of progress
+ Analytics: tracking and analysing marketing data 

Software Development Intern at PixelPuffin
August 2014  -  November 2014  (4 months)

Worked on visual effects (VFX) plugins for Sony Vegas. Focusing on implementing a prototype
particle effects rendering engine for video post production using the OpenGL in C/C++.

Currently implementing a social media marketing strategy for the creation and publication of our
products and services in an attempt to increase our customer base.

Advanced Development Intern at Vorwerk Elektrowerke
March 2013  -  July 2013  (5 months)

I worked under the advanced-development department at Vorwerk, with the responsibility
 of performing R&D in the field of computer vision. My project involved the development and
 implementation of a robotics based stereo vision sensor, with tasks in the following areas:

- Familiarization with the Robot Operating System (ROS), and the OpenCV computer vision library.
- Familiarization with concepts of stereo vision
- Rebuilding and documentation of a stereo vision setup on basis of two high grade cameras
- C++ and Python programming of various scripts for the stereo vision set-up.
- Evaluation of the stereo vision system with respect to its measurement accuracy.
-Visiting the ROS Conference 2013 with a subsequent presentation to introduce the discovery
 made of stereo vision related aspects of ROS into the company.

Rock Climbing Instructor and Summer Camp Counselor at Camp Fernwood
June 2011  -  August 2011  (3 months)

- Camp Counselor
- Rock Climbing Instructor

Casual Part-Time Rock Climbing Instructor at Trinity College Dublin Sports Centre
February 2010  -  May 2011  (1 year 4 months)

- Belay training course instructor (Adults & Children)

Electric Motor Mechanic Intern at Elsto Stokvis Group
August 2010  -  September 2010  (2 months)

- Work experience on assembly and dissassembly of electric motors and motor customization
 (focussing on electrical & mechanical aspect).

Car Mechanic & Diagnostician at PSA Peugot | Praco Didacol
June 2007  -  July 2007  (2 months)

- Work experience as a car mechanic
- Engine repair
- Oil change
- Diagnostics
- Through this experience I was able to have a clearer idea as to which career path and which field
 of study to seek.

Education
Trinity College, Dublin
Masters in Engineering (MAI), Electronic and Computer Engineering, 2013 - 2014
Activities and Societies:  Rock Climbing, Surfing
Politecnico di Milano
Unitech Exchange in partial fulfillment for a Master's in Engineering (MAI), Management
 Engineering, 2012 - 2013
Activities and Societies:  Rock Climbing, Photography, Design, Business Development
Trinity College, Dublin
Bachelor's in Engineering (BAI), Electronic & Computer Engineering, 2009 - 2013
Activities and Societies:  Treasurer of Rock Climbing Club, Surfing, Photography
Blackrock College, Dublin
Leaving Certificate, 2003 - 2009
Activities and Societies:  Rugby, Surfing
Antwerp Internation School
2001 - 2003
Activities and Societies:  Football

Ricardo Alberto Gaviria
Ireland
Embedded Vision Software Engineer at Valeo Vision

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

