Richa Khandelwal
Mumbai Area, India
Software Developer at Indus OS

Summary
Experienced Software Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software
 industry. Skilled in Python, Spring Framework, Eclipse, Core Java, and Java. Strong engineering
 professional with a Master of Science (M.Sc.) focused in Information Technology from Birla Institute
 of Technology and Science, Pilani. 

Experience
Software Developer at Indus OS
June 2016  -  Present  (1 year 5 months)

I am responsible for translating business requirements into code. My work includes working closely
 with product and tech leads. Being in a start up provides me hands on experience in different
 layers of the stack. My projects are listed below:

- APEX 
Global contact list for nearby services based on geolocation. Integrated with 3rd party data
 providers to provide data in varied format. Runs an ETL pipeline to store data in a standard format
 and serve data to clients based on their geo location.  
Stack: Play Framework, Java 8, Mongodb, Shell and Python Scripting, Grafana, Jolt

- Mobile Balance Analytics 
Utilizes operator’s (Airtel, Idea etc.) USSD codes to analyze user expenditure, alerts them on low
 balance. It also provides one click recharge facility right from the dialer app. Also accepts user
 events about their activity. 
Stack : AWS Firehose, Kinesis, Java 8, Redshift, S3

- Messaging BOTS
Created BOTS to handle user interaction directly from messaging app. A user can book a cab /
 movie, order food, subscribe to Jokes / NEWS / Horoscopes etc. The entire system is completely
 asynchronous and is designed using akka’s actor framework.
Stack : Akka, Jolt, Play, Mongodb

- IP Messaging

Backend infrastructure for sending free SMS to registered users on Indus mobile. The message are
 sent even when users are not connected to internet. The messages are stored in an intermediate
 storage and are pushed to the recipients over websockets. 
Stack : websockets, redis, SQS, Akka

- ETL Pipeline
Extracts data from various data sources (mongodb, log files, dynamodb, mysql, s3), transforms
 it and loads it in Redshift for running Aggregation queries. The raw data is then unloaded from
 redshift and stored in data lakes (glacier).

- Mobile Analytics
Used AWS mobile analytics SDK to capture various events from devices. SDK bundles the
 captured events and sends it to server. An ETL pipeline loads data from console to redshift. 
Stack :   AWS mobile Analytics, Redshift

Software Development Intern at Amazon
July 2015  -  December 2015  (6 months)

Worked on a database migration project from SQL to NoSQL. Project involved various challenges
 related to suitable design in terms of latency, redundancy and scalability to accommodate bulk
 use-cases. Worked closely with DynamoDB and DAO architecture. 

Web Application Development Intern at GRASIM INDUSTRIES LIMITED
May 2014  -  July 2014  (3 months)

Developed a Web Application using ASP .NET Framework to manage and analyse the population
 database. The data stored is used for future predictions and for upgrading or implementing
 necessities such as health care, education etc based on gender ratio, mortality rate, life
 expectancy etc. 
This was developed using C#, HTML markup in Visual Studio and Microsoft SQL Server.

Education
Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani
Master of Science (M.Sc.), Information Technology, 2012 - 2016

Richa Khandelwal
Mumbai Area, India
Software Developer at Indus OS

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

