Robert Sperry
Greater Seattle Area
Apple (Contract)

Experience
Software Test Automation Engineer at Apple
February 2017  -  Present  (9 months)

(Contract)

SDET at ChefSteps
October 2015  -  January 2017  (1 year 4 months)

Worked on team that developed and delivered the Joule Immersion Circulator a best in class Sous
 Vide tool: https://www.chefsteps.com/joule
Developed and maintained the Jasmine/JavaScript based automation test system for the Joule
 firmware.
QA Responsibility for: The E-Commerce System. The iOS and Android app built with the Ionic/
Cordova framework.  The WiFi and Bluetooth interaction between the app and the Joule device and
 the Joule firmware.
Tested the thermal and fluid flow characteristics of the Joule device.  Proposed and validated an
 engineering change to reduce product cost and improve manufacturability.  
Overall system test and quality.
Implemented the JIRA based issue tracking system

Quality Assurance Engineer at Amazon
2012  -  October 2015  (3 years)

Worked as a QA lead for Launcher of the Kindle Fire Tablets responsible for test strategy, test
 development, and test execution. Conduct Exploratory testing, and root cause analysis of failures. 
 Developed the Android random (monkey) test system and crash analysis program used across the
 kindle org.

Worked as a QA lead for the Kindle Fire middle-ware components:  SICS (Simple Image Caching
 System), CMS (Content Management System)  and the EAC (Enhanced Android Controls).  Lead
 development of the Automated test system for the SICS. 

Worked as the QA lead for the Kindle Readers X-Ray, Before You Go, and About This Book
 Feature.

System's Engineering Manager at Northrop Grumman Mission Systems
2004  -  February 2012  (8 years)

I acted as both the Systems Engineering manager and personal manager for the DSS and JEM
 team's (although my official title was Software Engineering Manager lvl2).

Architected and developed Automated Test System using Rational Functional Tester. Worked on a
 pilot test system using Selenium.

Responsible for test strategy, test development, and test execution. Conduct Exploratory testing,
 and root cause analysis of failures.

Work closely with the software team to improve the process and act as a customer advocate to
 drive fixes. 

Attend code reviews, conduct white box testing, and work on bug fixes.
Created software tools to support testing and measurement activities.

Lead System Engineer for Northrop Grumman on the Joint Effects Model program: a J2EE program
 that runs under JBOSS on PC's and Unix based GCCS (Global Command and Control Systems) 

Developed high-level designs from project requirements: Perform requirements analysis; create
 detailed System Requirements Specifications, Use Cases and GUI mock ups to translate customer
 expectations into actionable designs for the software team. 

Responsible for customer facing activities: Presenting System and Test status at program office
 level reviews, Change Control Board (CCB), Program prioritization meetings. 

Board Member at Innovations Academy
June 2008  -  May 2011  (3 years)

Test Engineer at Adaptive A.I. Inc.
2002  -  2003  (1 year)

Test and evaluate proprietary artificial intelligence software for functionality, reliability, and
 performance.  Focus on white box testing.
Create automated test systems.  
Invent and develop algorithms enhancing and extending functionality of the artificial intelligence
 software.  
Developed software in C# using the Microsoft Visual Studio development environment.

Writing System Engineer at Hewlett-Packard
1991  -  2000  (9 years)

Specified, tested and optimized the quality and reliability of an ink jet pen and printer system(s). 

Worked as part of the team that successfully developed and shipped HP's JetExpress 1” print head
 technology as used in the HP DesignJet 1055CM. (HP No. 80 print heads)   
Developed and implemented test plans for the evaluation of ink jet pens over the full life cycle of
 the project ranging from producing engineering specifications from marketing requirements to the
 transition from R&D to manufacturing.  
Designed experiments and developed experimental techniques to determine the source and
 solution to print quality defects and functional reliability failures.  
Created experimental computer image files and file creation systems.  
Designed and developed print modes and algorithms to improve the reliability, performance, and
 quality.  
Trained technician and operator staff in experimental procedures.  
Translated customer needs into factory quality specifications.

Education
Udacity
Deep Learning Foundations, Artificial Intelligence, 2017 - 2017
California Polytechnic State University-San Luis Obispo
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Physics, 1989 - 1994

Robert Sperry
Greater Seattle Area
Apple (Contract)

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

