Robert Mahieu
Phoenix, Arizona Area
Computer Vision Software Developer @ Intel's Autonomous Driving Group

Summary
http://robertmahieu.com/

I'm a recent graduate from Stanford University (M.S.) with extensive experience in computer vision
 and 3D graphics. I'm currently working as a part of Intel's autonomous driving group as a computer
 vision software developer, where I'm building solutions to make self-driving cars a ubiquitous and
 trusted part of daily life.

I am passionate about the work I do and wish to play a part in making the future of technology a
 reality.  Some of my greatest interests lie in the areas of AR, VR, and self-driving vehicles, where
 my background in both vision and graphics become essential. I also have significant experience in
 artificial intelligence and machine/deep learning. My skills represent both practical experience and a
 strong understanding of mathematical theory.

I'm seeking a fast-paced environment among experienced colleagues that are truly passionate about
 building amazing ideas.

Experience
Computer Vision Software Developer at Intel Corporation
June 2017  -  Present  (5 months)

Currently leading project researching deep reinforcement learning methods for training driving
 policies for autonomous vehicles. Previously worked on assessing and optimizing algorithms for
 occupancy grid mapping (multi-target tracking) based on particle filtering. Also was involved in
 optimization of deep neural networks for object detection and localization for deployment on Intel
 computer vision accelerator.

Video & Image Understanding Intern at Systems & Technology Research
June 2015  -  August 2015  (3 months)

Developed software for a surveillance tracking system that detected areas of shadow and occlusion
 in 2D imagery by utilizing RADAR data (automatically selected from a large set based on the
 geographical location of the photo) to generate a 3D rendering of the visible scene using C++/
OpenGL. This environmental information then represented one part of a larger "context-aware"

 multi-target tracker system being developed at the company for DoD airborne surveillance
 applications.

CVD Process Engineering Intern at IBM
May 2014  -  August 2014  (4 months)

Ran experiments to optimize the time and material usage of different processes in the chemical
 vapor deposition (CVD) operations on silicon wafers. This work additionally contributed to
 improving the availability of the tools. I also worked with my team to characterize newly installed
 tools and to establish guidelines for implementing new procedures.

Computer Vision Research Assitant at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
January 2014  -  May 2014  (5 months)

Worked as an undergraduate research assistant on a research project under the supervision of Dr.
 Rich Radke. The product was a computer vision system with the ability to track the movement of
 objects traveling through the field of view of multiple (distorted) camera lenses. Video streams from
 each camera were processed separately, then accordingly stitched together into a single mosaic
 video showing the entire scene, onto which bounding boxes were superimposed around subjects
 of interest.

Alarm Contractor at RAM Alarm Services, Inc.
May 2012  -  August 2013  (1 year 4 months)

Installed fire alarm and security systems at residential and commercial sites. Gained hands on
 experience with large electrical systems.

Audio Technician at UPAC Sound
September 2012  -  January 2013  (5 months)

Assisted in setting up equipment and mixing sound for live events on RPI’s campus. Became
 familiar with audio wiring and routing, sound processing equipment, mic placement, and mixing
 techniques.

Camp Counselor at Discovery Museum & Planetarium
May 2011  -  August 2011  (4 months)

Worked as counselor at children's summer camp. Taught elementary school children about space
 and other fun science lessons through various classes and activities.

Education
Stanford University
Master of Science (M.S.), Electrical Engineering, 2015 - 2017
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Electrical Engineering, 2011 - 2015
University of Leeds

Study Abroad Program, 2013 - 2013

Robert Mahieu
Phoenix, Arizona Area
Computer Vision Software Developer @ Intel's Autonomous Driving Group

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

