Rohit Sinha
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Cask

Summary
Experienced Software Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software
 industry. Skilled in Hadoop Platform, Hadoop Security, Apache Spark, Distributed System and Java.
 Strong engineering professional with a Master of Science (M.S.) focused in Computer Science from
 University of Minnesota-Twin Cities. 

Resume: https://goo.gl/nVkcyA

Experience
Software Engineer at Cask Data
July 2014  -  Present  (3 years 4 months)

Overview
• Designed and developed various features from scratch while working on different aspects of our
 platform and Hadoop
• Managed and delivered multiple product releases on time while working with the whole
 engineering team
• Worked on multiple PoCs to onboard new customers and mentored various summer interns over
 the years
• Provided production and developer support on rotation and contributed to the open source
 community of CDAP

Key Projects
• Architectured and implemented CDAP Authorization model from scratch for enterprise grade
 security
• Designed and developed pluggable authorization extensions for Apache Sentry, Apache Ranger
• Architectured and developed authorization annotations for enforcement through bytecode
 rewriting
• Implemented support for granular, application and dataset level impersonation in CDAP
• Architectured and implemented Apache Spark integration allowing users to perform in-memory
 cluster computing
• Developed capabilities to collect logs and metrics from Spark and running jobs on schedule
 through workflows

• Designed and developed various Spark and Spark Streaming applications and ETL plugins
• Designed and developed various ETL plugins for Cask Hydrator to interact with Hive, HDFS etc.
• Designed and developed CDAP EDW Offloading tool for MS SQL Server and Oracle Database.
• Designed and developed upgrade functionality for the core platform to enable seaming less
 update for our customers
• Enabled it across various different distributions and versions of Hadoop
• Redesigned CDAP metadata system for faster and feature rich indexing and search

Side Projects  
• Integrated CDAP with Apache Ranger which later was incorporated as core authorization
 extension
• Designed and developed a testing framework for CDAP UI to automate layout and integration
 testing
• Designed and implemented test framework to automate security testing for various customer use
 cases

Research Assistant at University of Minnesota
October 2013  -  May 2014  (8 months)

• Developing an open source software that automates the analysis and visualization of large sets of
 genetic data
• Improvising the performance and usability of existing software to facilitate adoption by broader
 scientific community

Software Development Engineer (Intern) at Amazon
May 2013  -  August 2013  (4 months)

• Summer intern in Clickstream Browse History Team under Website Application Platform and
 Builder Tools at Amazon. 
• Designed and developed a self-service tool for channel assignment process – a part of web
 analytics.
• Simplified and converted Hadoop jobs to develop a standalone channel assignment simulator.
• Worked with Amazon S3, Amazon DynamoDB, Hadoop, Ruby, Ruby on Rails, Java, Git, and
 scalability and concurrency issues.
• Wrote unit tests using TestNG and EasyMock frameworks.

Web Manager at University of Minnesota
October 2012  -  February 2013  (5 months)

• Part-time job during master's degree.
• Developed and administered Wordpress powered websites for IonE at University of Minnesota,
 MN

• Managed and collaborated with a team of editors and writers to create the website content

Programmer Analyst at MindTree Ltd.
August 2011  -  June 2012  (11 months)

• Undertook industry training in Embedded Practices domain which develops software for
 embedded devices.
• Worked extensively with System level programming, C language, Linux device drivers and Socket
 programming.
• Responsible for testing, debugging and optimizing GPS module on OMAP 5 devices of Texas
 Instruments.

Education
University of Minnesota-Twin Cities
Master of Science (M.S.), Computer Science, 2012 - 2014
B. V. Bhoomaraddi College of Engineering & Technology (Visvesvaraya Technological University -
India)
Bachelor Of Engineering, Computer Science, 2007 - 2011
Loyola High School, Patna
Intermediate, PCM + Information Technology, 2005 - 2007

Rohit Sinha
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Cask

3 people have recommended Rohit

"Amazing person to work with! Analytical in approach. Die hard programmer. Very passionate in
using internet to solve business problems! Knows multiple languages and technologies in internet.
Will hire him any time for programming job."
—Padmanabhan Kalyanasundaram, Volunteer,  Isha Foundation,  managed Rohit at MindTree Ltd.

"It gives me an immense pleasure to write this recommendation to a person whom I know from
the very first day of my professional career. Rohit and I had went through the same training in
Embedded Practices at Mindtree Ltd - India and worked there together for almost an year. He is
a quick learner, enthusiastic, smart and hard working. Furthermore, he is technically very strong.
Having all these qualities in one engineer is difficult and he has it all. It was a great pleasure
working with Rohit. All the best Rohit and continue the good work."
—Pushkar Singh, Senior Software Developer,  Sangoma Technologies,  worked directly with Rohit
at MindTree Ltd.

"Rohit has exceptional programming expertise. Given a problem, coming up with an optimal
solution in less time and solving it is the talent within him. Doing everything in a professional way
and achieving the deadlines for the tasks have always been accomplished. He has always been
a team leader. He has been an inspiration to others around. He is very knowledgeable and has a
strong foundation of all the technical concepts. Ask him anything and he knows it. I am glad to have
worked with him. Best Regards, Neha"
—neha gawas, Senior Software Engineer,  MindTree Ltd.,  worked directly with Rohit at MindTree
Ltd.

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

