Samarth Savanur
Portland, Oregon Area
Software Engineer at Intel

Summary
Software Development Engineer at Intel Corp. in Logic Technology Development (LTD), Automation
 at Hillsboro, Oregon.

I am currently working on Intel Factory Automation in automating the scheduling, delivery and
 processing of semiconductors. 

I completed my Masters in Computer Science and Engineering at The Ohio State University,
 Columbus in 2016 and have a strong background working in automation projects in diverse fields. 

My Interest Areas include developing software applications in C, C++, Java and like to write Perl
 scripts, I have experience in APF coding environment, Web technology development, Big data and
 Data mining, AI, Data science related varied projects.

My personal interests include playing Cricket and Shuttle Badminton. I love creativity and designing
 and like to spend my leisure time in Photoshopping. I like to read novels written by my personal
 favorite authors, Robin Sharma and Dr. Spensor Johnson. I enjoy music and travelling too.

Experience
Software Engineer at Intel Corporation
June 2016  -  Present  (1 year 5 months)

Software Developer at Intel in Logic Technology Development, Automation. 

I am currently working on Factory Automation by automating the scheduling, delivery and
 processing of semiconductors. 
The job role includes Software requirements gathering, Software design, development and testing,
 Deployment, Operations and Support. 

Skills: C#, APF, Perl Scripting, Databases !!

Graduate Teaching Assistant at The Ohio State University
August 2015  -  May 2016  (10 months)

Instructor for the course ‘Modelling and Problem Solving in Spreadsheets and Databases’ (CSE
 2111) at The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH during the terms Fall '15 and Spring '16.

Software Development Engineer Intern at Gap Inc.
June 2015  -  August 2015  (3 months)

POET [Process Optimization and Evolution Tool] Project.

Role: Web Developer, Peer Programmer

• Worked on POET’s Web platform aimed at delivering the product out of the Distribution Centers
 (DC) as quickly and efficiently as possible.
• Developed RESTful services with Spring and test driven APIs for Container Weighting Engine,
 Routing Engine and UI Engines through peer programming in an Agile Test-Driven environment
 thereby actively resolving many story huddles.
• Designed UI Engine using Thymeleaf Spring framework & automated testing with Watir & Ruby
 Rspec for Fusion tests. 
• Established Container Value Calculator Engine page which generates default container scenarios
 based on In-Home Date and Priority attributes using DC’s configuration and deployed to production
 which is maintained by the POET team.
• Created fake data profile in Mongo DB for fake containers through POET’s calculation engine
 using Mockito where a user can change the DC configuration and see the results by sending fake
 containers through the weighting engine.

Assistant Software Engineer at Tata Consultancy Services
November 2013  -  June 2014  (8 months)

Hands on Experience on System Applications and Products [SAP] in Data Processing.

Work Structure during TCS Training:

• Technical module of SAP viz., SAP Advanced Business Application Programming [ABAP], 
 which provides the Code to functional modules. 
• Functional modules of SAP viz., SAP Production and Planning [PP] and SAP Advanced 
 Planner and Optimizer[APO].

• I was trained at ABAP Editor, ABAP Dictionary, Menu Painter, Screen Painter, Function Builder,
 Class Builder using SAP ABAP.
• I was trained at Make to Order, Master Planning, Product Cost Planning using SAP PP.
• I was trained at Demand Planning, Supply Network Planning using SAP APO.
• I had an exposure in generation of reports and handling data through database.

Project Work at TCS:
SAP Security, AI Team, Tata Motors Limited[TML] Client.

• Obtained professional working knowledge in Technical and Functional modules of SAP viz., SAP
 ABAP, SAP Production and Planning, SAP Advanced Planner and Optimizer and SAP Security.
• Served as a developer in project which supported TML Automobile industry by implementing SAP
 Security providing Authentication & Authorization for the client side server.
• Efficiently Implemented SAP Security on Roles and IDs of User Profiles and was involved in
 providing efficient performance to the Client side servers.
• Responsible for Incident resolution generated from TML client side in Remedy tool to monitor
 continuous progress & managing the risks involved.
• Involved in numerous TML Client visits and meetings to describe proper functioning of the
 branches throughout India.
• Involved in Profile Mapping to authenticate client side access.
• Carried out Tracing through dump analysis to resolve the missing authorizations in transaction
 codes of Client Side server.

Education
The Ohio State University
Master of Science (M.S.), Computer Science and Engineering, 2014 - 2016
Activities and Societies:  • Graduate Teaching Assistant for Databases and Spreadsheets for spring,
 2015 and fall, 2016. • Student Administration Manager at Student Life - Culinary Production Kitchen,
 OSU for 2015 - 2016. • Volunteer at Sankalp India, OSU. • OSU Cricket Club Member.
B.V.Bhoomaraddi College of Engg & Tech
Bachelor of Engineering (BEng), Computer Science and Engineering, 2009 - 2013
Activities and Societies:  • Boys Representative for Association of Computer Engg Students, BVCET
 • Chief Organizer, Editor for PLEIADES National Level Fest, BVBCET • Active member for Hubbali
 Marathon Coordination, KIMS Blood Donation Camps • LEAD member, BVBCET
P D J PU College, Bijapur, Karnataka, India
Pre-University College - Science, Science, 2007 - 2009
V.B.Darbar High School, Bijapur, Karnataka
SSLC, Karnataka, India, 2004 - 2007
Activities and Societies:  • Participant for Karnataka State Level Shuttle Badminton player and
 Swimmer during the years 2008 and 2009.

Samarth Savanur
Portland, Oregon Area
Software Engineer at Intel

1 person has recommended Samarth

"Samarth is an incredibly hard-working and motivated individual. I oversaw his work and
performance during his 10-week Software Development Engineering internship at Gap Inc., and I
was thoroughly impressed with the quality of the projects he completed within that small time frame.
Samarth was always engaged with his team and was able to let both his technical and personal
skills shine. I never witnessed a moment where he wasn't eager to learn and excited about the work
he was doing during his internship. There is no doubt in my mind that he will go on to achieve great
things in his future career, and Samarth will make an indelible addition to any team."
—Andrew Yeung, University Relations Manager - Technology and Digital,  Gap Inc.,  managed
Samarth at Gap Inc.

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

