Sandeep Anil Rodrigues
Bengaluru Area, India
Senior Software Engineer at Dell

Summary
• 5.1 years of experience in windows application development using C#.NET and .NET Core 2.0 in
 the areas of multimedia, public safety, Commodity(Banking) and Identity and access Management
 products Environment.
• Currently Working in Dell Software (One Identity) India Private Limited as senior software Engineer.
• Proficient in developing WINDOWS application using WPF+MVVM+PRISM, WCF and Entity
 Framework.
• Design and development of web applications using HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, JQuery,
 AngularJS,  NodeJs and WebAPI+MVC.
• Hands on experience in NOSQL (MongoDB, Couchbase) and Knowledge on SQL (MS SQL Server
 2008/2008 R2/2012) Database.
• Hands on experience in web services REST and SOAP.
• Hands on experience in Windows Azure.
• Adept in end-to-end development of software products from requirement analysis to system study,
 designing, coding, testing, de-bugging, documentation and implementation.

Experience
Senior Software Engineer at Dell
May 2016  -  Present  (1 year 6 months)

Be a key part of the full product development lifecycle of software applications offered by Dell One
 Identity Manager.
- Implement Dell One identity Connectors for integrating in Dell Boomi.
- Research, validate and recommend key technology decisions for the core platform and other
 customer facing offerings.
- Mentoring of other Boomi engineers, including design collaboration and code reviews.
- Responsible for design, development and unit testing of the D1IM products including
 enhancements and/or resolution of any issues that may be reported.
- Support the QA team during System/Integration testing.
- Work independently with a moderate level of guidance from engineering management.

Senior Software Engineer at Societe Generale Global Solution Centre
August 2015  -  April 2016  (9 months)

The application is used by Forex and Fixed Income teams for real-time monitoring of trading activity
 and periodic reporting. using an Agile development approach.

Design and development of the GUI, Middle Tier and database functionality using C#, WPF
+MVVM, WCF, multithreading. Design and development of web applications using ASP.NET
+MVC. Construction of a rule engine that exhibits Complex Event Processing behaviors. It provides
 services of characteristics, low latency, high frequency, high volume, high accuracy. It includes a
 rule parser (compiler construction) and generates code automatically (automatic code generation).

Senior Software Engineer at Motorola Solutions
August 2012  -  July 2015  (3 years)

Real-Time Video Intelligence (RTVI) software delivers high-quality video to and from the patrol
 car and the command center and between personnel in the field. In wireless environments, RTVI
 adjusts to available bandwidth, ensuring that real-time, live video gets through at the best possible
 quality.With its user-friendly interface, RTVI allows cameras to be selected from a list, a map, or
 an emailed link, and accepts video from multiple camera and recorder vendors. Whether it’s a
 supervisor monitoring another officer’s pursuit from his patrol vehicle, or a SWAT team captain
 watching building security footage on her handheld.

Education
Visvesvaraya Technological University
Master of Computer Applications (MCA), Computer Software and Media Applications, 2009 - 2012

Sandeep Anil Rodrigues
Bengaluru Area, India
Senior Software Engineer at Dell

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

