Santosh Shankar
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer

Summary
Software engineer with avid interests in Algorithms, Natural Language Processing, Web
 Development, Mobile Application Development, Machine Learning, Product Development and Data
 Analysis.

I completed my Master's in computer science from University of Southern California. During my
 study there I was a part of USC ICT working on building robot models mainly for search and rescue
 operations.

I had a great experience working as an Software intern at Expedia. I worked with the Social team and
 applied NLP and Machine Learning techniques to make use of User Reviews.

I was a Software Engineer at National Instruments for 2 years with expertise in designing,
 developing .NET APIs for Hardware Devices in C#. I was also a Technical lead and a Mentor to
 junior engineers.

Before working at National Instruments I was a research intern at Indian Institute of Sciences and
 worked at IBM India Software Labs as an intern.

Experience
Software Engineer at Apple
February 2015  -  Present  (2 years 9 months)

Artificial Intelligence Student Programmer at USC Institute for Creative Technologies
August 2014  -  December 2014  (5 months)

Worked on building intelligent robot models using POMDPs which could navigate through a map
 and assist in search and rescue and rescue operations.

Software Developer Intern at Expedia, Inc.
May 2014  -  August 2014  (4 months)

- Developed a Ensemble Model for sentiment analysis on the user reviews for Hotels.
- Developed a Data Visual tool on Qlikview to facilitate business decisions based on the User
 ratings data for Realtime Flight Reviews.

 - Developed a tool to analyze sentiments and extract keywords and summary of comments for
 Realtime Flight Review and Hotels Review data.

Software Technical Lead at National Instruments
March 2013  -  July 2013  (5 months)

Led a team of 3 engineers and accomplished the development of Switch framework from start to
 finish.

Software Engineer at National Instruments
July 2011  -  July 2013  (2 years 1 month)

-Architected and developed framework for various devices (Switches, RF Signal Analyzers/
Generators)
using Design patterns
-Researched on optimizations of space and memory usage of these frameworks between interfaces
 of C#, C and LabVIEW (marshalling).
-Actively took part in campus requirements to hire entry level positions.

Convener - Student Head - Incident at National Institute of Technology Karnataka, Surathkal
May 2010  -  May 2011  (1 year 1 month)

-Incident is the annual cultural festival of National Institute of Technology Surathkal. 
- With a budget of over INR 5000000 (approx USD100000) and with a footfall count of over 20000
 Incident is one of the biggest cultural festivals in India.
- As the head of the festival my responsibilities included :
   - Marketing and Channelizing budget for the festival.
   - Publicity of the entire event to colleges throughout the country.
   - Organizing, Planning and Scheduling of over 100 events spread over 5 days.
   - Managed over 700 student volunteers.

Software Development Intern at IBM India Software Labs
April 2010  -  July 2010  (4 months)

-Developed a UI tool- SMART(Smart Miscompare Analysis Reporting Tool) which is being used by
 the Hardware Test team at IBM.
-SMART is an Intelligent Debugging and Reporting Tool Developed used supervised learning
 algorithms to detect, analyze and classify bugs on various hardware devices.

Software Engineer Research Intern at Indian Institute of Science
December 2009  -  January 2010  (2 months)

Classified multidimensional image data by implementing a variation of k-means clustering algorithm
and analyzed its performance against conventional algorithms

Education
University of Southern California
Master of Science (MS), Computer Science, 2013 - 2015
National Institute of Technology Karnataka
Bachelor of Technology (BTech), Computer Science, 2007 - 2011
Activities and Societies:  IEEE, ROBOTICS
Chetan

Santosh Shankar
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

