Shankhoneer Chakrovarty
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Google

Summary
Skilled with functional and object oriented languages. Focus on high-performance, high-reliability
 servers. Expertise in object-oriented, extensible, thread-safe design and development.

Currently in OPT. Willing to help early stage startups on managing git, developing and creating  build
 and deployment platforms and analytics pipeline for a cs:go skin

Specialties: Programming Languages in C++/C, Java, Python, Bash, MySQL, MongoDB

Experience
Software Engineer at Google
August 2016  -  Present  (1 year 3 months)

Software Engineer at Yahoo
June 2015  -  August 2016  (1 year 3 months)

* Designed and developed the backend using Apache Storm and YQL+ for 2016 primary elections
 delegates tracker

* Developed tools to create, update and manage tags for articles using Java and NoSql database

* Designed schemas in mysql to store config in order to facilitate dynamic changes and sitemap
 generation

Software Developer Engineer - Intern at Amazon
May 2014  -  August 2014  (4 months)

* Designed and developed tools to create rosters in order to schedule workers in large fulfillment
 centers of Amazon using node, angular.js and DynamoDB

Graduate Research Assistant at Information Sciences Institute - USC
October 2013  -  May 2014  (8 months)

Worked on extracting features from scanned copies of handwritten text and creating testing and
 training models for classification of these texts

Software Engineer at Vedantu
May 2012  -  April 2013  (1 year)

* Architected, designed and implemented content management tool at Vedantu for easy
 management and distribution of content on play! framework

* Architected, designed and developed analytics using map-reduce on mongodb

* Designed and developed test creation feature from selected set of questions and integrated it with
 the content management tool for one click creation and publishing of tests on play! framework

* Architected, designed and implemented Document Conversion pipeline for making document
 searchable

* Worked on different aspects at Vedantu like Server Administrations ensuring availability of the
 system, distributed system issues, searching platform using Elasticsearch & MongoDB.

Software Engineer at Texas Instruments
July 2010  -  April 2012  (1 year 10 months)

* Develop battery monitoring tools on Eclipse.My main work is to develop tools to interact with
 the firmware in the battery monitoring chip and help customers to calibrate, update chemistry of
 the battery monitoring firmware and other tools to simplify a number of tasks required for mass
 production of such battery monitoring devices

* Made efficiency improvements in firmware team output by innovative software approaches,
 notably a StackTrace program (as an eclipse plugin) that operated on symbol information and
 assembly to determine stack usage, faults with capabilities to show impact of changes in functions,
 supports user input in case of function pointers and generates report for all the functions where
 stack push is unequal to stack pop.

* Develop eclipse plugins and apps on Rich Client platform provided by eclipse

* GUI development using jface and SWT (Eclipse)

* Use Java native interfaces to develop communicating agents between the tools and the firmware.

* Comprehensive testing of the tools using latest technologies such as Google Window Tester
 Pro,SWTBot etc

Environment: Java, Eclipse, WindowsXP/7

Trainee Software Engineer at Intel Corporation
January 2010  -  July 2010  (7 months)

1. Comprehensive testing of Graphics drivers
2. Develop test plan to test graphics driver
3. Debug and add features on existing testing platform
4. Devise a new test framework for next gen graphics drivers

MCIT sponsored TDIL Project at IIIT Allahabad at IIIT Allahabad
March 2008  -  November 2009  (1 year 9 months)

OCR of Indian Languages: Image to text conversion of old Tibetan manuscript in order to preserve
 them in digital format.

Education
University of Southern California
Master of Science (MS), Computer Science, 2013 - 2015
Indian Institute of Information Technology
B.Tech, Computer Science, Information Technology, 2006 - 2010
Activities and Societies:  Drama team,Universal Digital Library

Shankhoneer Chakrovarty
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Google

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

