Shawn Seymour
St. Cloud, Minnesota Area
Web Engineer at Best Buy

Summary
I have a strong passion for computer programming, solving problems, mathematics, and other similar
 pursuits. Computer science is what I love to do and is what I spend a lot of my free time working on
 aside from in-school work. I also have a strong interest in technical theatre. I have experience mainly
 with live sound in both a concert and theatre setting. I also have experience as a theatre stagehand
 and electrician as well as dabbling in both sound and lighting design.

Experience
Associate Web Engineer at Best Buy
May 2017  -  Present  (6 months)

Assistant Technical Director at University of Minnesota
August 2016  -  Present  (1 year 3 months)

Lead a team of five to fifteen sound and lighting technicians for campus events. Be number one
 contact under the technical director. Run either sound or lighting for large campus events while
 helping the sound and lighting lead when needed. Teach new members about all technical
 equipment including both sound and lighting. Coordinate team work calls and ensure all equipment
 is working properly and all protocols are being followed. Communicate with clients before and
 during the events. 

Set-up, design, and run sound and light set-ups for events on-campus. These events range from
 small lecture talks or movies to large school dance recitals and concerts. Duties include running
 analog and digital sound  consoles, lighting consoles, mixing bands, working and talking with
 clients, hanging & focusing lighting instruments, storing equipment, and much more.

Software Developer at First Layer Health
2016  -  Present  (1 year)

Web Engineering Intern at Best Buy
May 2016  -  August 2016  (4 months)

As an intern on the Associate Facing Tools team of BestBuy.com, I worked on implementing a
 single sign-on system component to be added to all of the shared tools. I also helped create the
 back-end component with REST API endpoints for authentication. JSON web tokens were used to
 manage sessions.

My other project was a data migration tool which was written from the ground up utilizing Spring
 and Groovy for the back-end and Angular and Bootstrap for the front-end. The application used
 Gradle for the build tool and had tests written in Spock and Jasmine / Karma.

I gained valuable experience working in an Agile environment among a small team of experienced
 team members. 

Sound Technician Lead at University of Minnesota, Morris
August 2015  -  May 2016  (10 months)

Lead the sound technicians of the student tech crew while running the large events and delegating
 smaller events to other technicians. Be one of the lead contacts for the tech crew as well as
 training new members on all of the sound equipment. I programmed our LS9 Yamaha sound
 console as well as re-routed and cleaned up our auditorium sound system.

Set-up, design, and run sound and light set-ups for events on-campus. These events range from
 small lecture talks or movies to large school dance recitals and concerts. Duties include running
 analog and digital sound  consoles, lighting consoles, mixing bands, working and talking with
 clients, hanging & focusing lighting instruments, storing equipment, and much more.

Student Center Tech Crew at University of Minnesota, Morris
August 2014  -  May 2015  (10 months)

Set-up, design, and run sound and light set-ups for events on-campus. These events range from
 small lecture talks or movies to large school dance recitals and concerts. Duties include running
 analog and digital sound  consoles, lighting consoles, mixing bands, working and talking with
 clients, hanging & focusing lighting instruments, storing equipment, and much more.

Auditorium Technician at Richfield Senior High School
November 2013  -  August 2014  (10 months)

Maintained and ran the auditorium's sound and light setup for both school and non-school
 functions. Set-up, ran, and mixed sound during events such as dance recitals and church services.
 Programmed lighting consoles, hung & focused lighting equipment, and trained / mentored
 successor auditorium technicians.

Education
University of Minnesota-Morris
Bachelor’s Degree, Computer Science, 2014 - 2017
Activities and Societies:  Computer Science Club, Theatre
Richfield High School

Shawn Seymour
St. Cloud, Minnesota Area
Web Engineer at Best Buy

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

