Shivani Patil
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at INSZoom

Summary
Actively seeking full- timeSoftware Developer position.
A recent graduate student at San Jose State University,California, I did my specialization in
 Enterprise Software Technologies under the Software Engineering major. I have completed my
 Bachelor's in Engineering, Computer Engineering from University of Pune,India.

I have worked with Java, C, C++, MySQL, MongoDB, HTML, Javascript and Python.

Strengths:
- Studied and worked on Web Services, RESTful APIs and Agile development.
- Good understanding of Design Patterns.
- Ability to work in team and complete projects with the given time with required quality.
- Good communication skills.

Experience
Software Engineer at INSZoom
August 2016  -  Present  (1 year 3 months)

Software Intern at Yahoo
June 2015  -  August 2015  (3 months)

• Developed an application to address search queries related to conversion of time between time
 zones for Yahoo! Search Team.
• Implemented user location detection.
• Internal Frameworks used: React and Flux Architecture of Facebook, Dust.js and YUI.
• Internal CICD Tool and OpenStack machine used.
• Libraries used: moment.js and moment-­‐timezone.js
• Programming Languages: JavaScript, HTML and CSS(Client side) and Node.js(Server side)

Education
San Jose State University
Master's Degree, Computer Software Engineering, 2014 - 2016
University of Pune
Bachelor's Degree, Computer Software Engineering, 2014 - 2016

Activities and Societies:  Organized an event in the MIT College of Engineering's Tesla 2011

Shivani Patil
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at INSZoom

2 people have recommended Shivani

"Shivani was working in my team doing an internship this summer (2015). Within a short time she
was able to accomplish a lot, worked very hard and built a dynamic component for complex time/
currency conversion, for deployment on Yahoo's search page. Great impact!"
—Reiner Kraft, VP Engineering of Search & Personalization,  Zalando SE,  managed Shivani at
Yahoo

"Shivani and I worked together in Yahoo Search during her summer internship in 2015. Her
first task was to analyze the results of a test we did for Search and present findings to the rest
of the team. She was able to start right away, and those findings led to useful insights and
engaged the team in discussion. Shivani chose her own project for her internship and worked on
it independently, and also collaborated on the projects of other interns on the team; this included
learning multiple software frameworks and coordinating with members of other teams. She
accomplished much in a short time. I would be happy to work with Shivani again. "
—Tony Hairr, Senior Software Engineer in Platforms / Search,  Yahoo,  managed Shivani indirectly
at Yahoo

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

