Shiv Patel
Greater Boston Area
SDE at Amazon Web Services

Summary
I'm a Software Development Engineer at Amazon on the AWS New Initiatives team in Cambridge. As
 a recent graduate of the University of Pennsylvania, who studied Computer Science and Economics,
 I am excited to continue exploring the application of technology to solve various needs in the world.

Experience
Software Development Engineer (SDE) at Amazon Web Services
August 2016  -  Present  (1 year 3 months)
2nd Engineer on the AWS Migration Hub

Product Manager (Software Engineering and Design) at University of Pennsylvania
September 2015  -  May 2016  (9 months)

CIS573 is a graduate level software engineering course focused on agile development principles
 and optimal code design patterns.

Senior Information Technology Advisor at University of Pennsylvania
August 2011  -  May 2016  (4 years 10 months)

• Resolved over 600 troubleshooting cases regarding Mac, Windows, Chrome, iOS, and Android
 operating systems.
• Served over 450 resident students during scheduled help desk walk-in hours, over e-mail, and in
 person by appointment.

Software Enginner at HashFav
May 2015  -  August 2015  (4 months)

HashFav, Inc. is an early stage consumer internet company building the solution to a massive
 unsolved need: discovery.

Discovery on the internet has evolved from hierarchical directories (Yahoo) to search (Google) to
 algorithmic curation (Facebook’s News Feed). Over the last decade, there has been an explosion
 of content on the web, and consumers are overwhelmed with a seemingly infinite supply of
 content to watch, listen to, and read. The top consumer technology companies (Facebook, Twitter,
 Snapchat, etc.) have responded by hiring curators. This is the strategy that Yahoo attempted to
 employ, but was rendered obsolete by the large and growing volume of available content. 

We believe the future of discovery is better placed in the hands of the people and not those of a
 select few professionals.

H'university Teaching Assistant at Harry's
August 2014  -  December 2014  (5 months)

H’university is a part of Harry’s social mission to teach real-world skills to students through a series
 of webinars and challenges.

Summer Business Development Associate at Two Toasters (Acquired by Ticketmaster)
May 2014  -  August 2014  (4 months)

Two Toasters specializes in the design and development of native iOS and Android applications.
 Notable past clients include Airbnb, JackThreads, and Birchbox.

Brand Representative at Microsoft
August 2013  -  May 2014  (10 months)

• Planned and executed individual and collaborative on-campus events to promote brand visibility.
• Compiled 1350 surveys to gauge impressions of Microsoft before and after conducting
 personalized demonstrations of its products and services.

Finance Research Assistant at The Wharton School
May 2013  -  August 2013  (4 months)

• Collected and organized data on firms’ financial projections upon emergence from Chapter 11
 using PACER.
• Analyzed projected and realized data for all companies filing for Chapter 11 after 1990 with over
 $50m revenue using Excel and R Script to show trends in the restructuring process’ impact on
 fiscal performance.

Education
University of Pennsylvania
Bachelor's Degree, Computer Science and Economics, 2016

Shiv Patel
Greater Boston Area
SDE at Amazon Web Services

2 people have recommended Shiv

"Shiv started his internship with Two Toasters around the same time as I started as an FTE.
Ramping up alongside Shiv was a revelation, and it's fair to say that having him as a sounding
board substantially accelerated my own immersion at Two Toasters. He's exceedingly quick,
intellectually curious, confident, personable, and has all the tireless motivation and unflagging
reliability that you're fortunate to find in a seasoned co-worker, let alone a college student.
Especially in a fairly unstructured environment like the four-person NYC office of Two Toasters,
Shiv displayed tremendous discipline and focus in creating his own workflows and constantly
looking for opportunities to lend a hand or take the lead - whatever necessary to push the ball
forward. Above-and-beyond is a matter of course with Shiv - I can't recommend him highly enough.
"
—Sean Schultz, Strategic Initiatives,  InVisionApp Inc,  worked directly with Shiv at Two Toasters
(Acquired by Ticketmaster)

"I managed Shiv over the summer of 2014. We interviewed a bunch of candidates before choosing
Shiv and I'm delighted we chose him. Shiv is incredibly thoughtful, calm, and nice to be around. He
is emotionally intelligent, easy to talk to, and was quickly an equal member of the team. He worked
hard when we needed him to and provided great insights. He also has a curiosity about technology
and trends and taught me a lot. I would strongly endorse Shiv. It was a pleasure working alongside
him."
—Simon B. Kirk, Director of Business Development,  InVisionApp Inc,  managed Shiv at Two
Toasters (Acquired by Ticketmaster)

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

