Shreya Gupta
Austin, Texas Area
Software Engineer II at Dell

Experience
Software Engineer II at Dell
July 2017  -  Present  (4 months)

Software Engineering Intern at Dell
June 2016  -  April 2017  (11 months)

1. Led a team of two to Dockerize microservices using Docker Compose to expedite deployment of
 EdgeX Foundry - an Internet of Things (IoT) framework
2. Created a web application using a Python Flask backend, MongoDB database, and an Angular.js
 frontend to allow users to configure Docker Compose files and download them, so that they could
 customize the IoT framework according to individual needs

Software Engineer Intern at Bentley Systems
May 2015  -  August 2015  (4 months)

1. Converted a road design parameter calculator from an Excel spreadsheet to an XML file, based
 on the Bentley Systems schema.
2. Created a windows form tool in C# to add custom user functionality to the parameter calculation
 engine.

Research Student Worker at Mississippi State University
September 2014  -  May 2015  (9 months)

My responsibilities included coming up with a criteria for detecting good hiding spots in a 2-D map
 of a room, that a robot can use to detect people who might be hiding

Education
Mississippi State University
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Computer Science, 2013 - 2017
Activities and Societies:  International Student Advisory Board - Treasurer

Shreya Gupta
Austin, Texas Area
Software Engineer II at Dell

1 person has recommended Shreya

"I had the pleasure as serving as mentor and manager to Shreya Gupta during her summer
internship at Dell, Inc. She served as a software engineer in the office of the End User Computing,
CTO Office. I highly recommend Ms. Gupta as a software engineer with development skills ready
for the challenges of today’s software development organization. Ms. Gupta’s chief role during
her internship was to create the backend services to a system responsible for deploying Dell’s IoT
middleware software via Docker to Dell IoT gateways. In this role, Ms. Gupta was exceptional.
Already a gifted programmer in Python, C# and other languages, in the matter a few short weeks,
she learned more about Docker and Docker Compose than I or most of my team had in 6 months.
She is an extremely quick study. In addition to these skills, she mastered RESTful Web service
communications, Mongo & NoSQL databases, and Linux shell scripting. In addition, having
achieved success on her immediate project, Ms. Gupta was assisting another team in a machine
learning project and equally impressing that project’s manager. Perhaps even more importantly,
Ms. Gupta is a natural leader with budding skills as designer and architect as well. She effectively
led her intern project team that completed their project goal three weeks early. On her project,
she researched alternative approaches, experimented with design options, and was laying out
architectural direction like someone with ten times the experience. She takes direction extremely
well, but also seeks to understand the business and the importance of her work as it relates to the
success of the business. She is well spoken – she was even asked to demonstrate her application
to the Vice Chairman, Operations & President of Dell – and adjusts well to the organizational culture
and team dynamics. She was a favorite of many of the mentor managers for her attitude and results
oriented mind-set. "
—Jim White, Distinguished Engineer,  Dell EMC,  managed Shreya at Dell

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

