Smit Shah
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Google

Summary
I have worked primarily on >100 TBs scale distributed platforms at AWS and Microsoft and really
 enjoy any infrastructural/backend challenges. I have dealt with OLTP systems at the storage layer,
 but am also keenly interested in warehousing, realtime stream based computation, and analytics
 challenges. 

At Terminal.com, I am gaining experience building systems from scratch, some of the recent projects
 I am working on are: building a high throughput, scalable, available usage event stream for metering,
 pricing and billing systems, a low latency data serving layer for customer usage and bills, and a
 streaming machine image layer for fast cluster spinup. 

I am always interested in knowing about and exploring new challenges. You can reach me at
 smitshahcs87@gmail.com

Proficiencies:
Systems:  S3, DynamoDB, Amazon SWF, Amazon Kinesis, EC2, Amazon RDS, SQS, SNS,
 Cloudtrail, Cloudwatch, Redis, Zookeeper, Kafka, Storm, Cassandra, Postgresql, Mysql
Dev Tools: Maven, Gradle, Git, Perforce, Spring, Hibernate, make
Languages: Java, Golang, C/C++, C#

Experience
Software Engineer at Google
May 2016  -  Present  (1 year 6 months)

Cloud infrastructure

Software Engineer at Terminal.com
June 2015  -  May 2016  (1 year)

Software Engineer at Amazon Web Services
March 2014  -  May 2015  (1 year 3 months)

On AWS Billing Infrastructure, I've been helping engineer and maintain the systems that make sure
 every AWS customer is fairly charged. It's been a fun experience working with this level of impact

 and scale. Many of the systems and tools I've built have had to interface with both Amazon's
 internal service-oriented architecture, and more customer-facing AWS infrastructure. 

There are challenging and interesting requirements to meet - we have storage layers that need
 to clear 1 million writes per second, certain tools that need to backed by distributed indices,
 and I frequently integrate with other AWS services like SWF, S3, DynamoDB while maintaining
 consistency or partition-tolerance in interesting ways.

Collectively, my projects have ensured a high level of accuracy for AWS billing (and the associated
 refunds) and helped AWS customers understand what they're paying for, and why.

Software Engineer at Microsoft
August 2012  -  February 2014  (1 year 7 months)

Microsoft Commerce Platform
• Created an idempotent, batch driven, multithreaded differential update index publisher for
 Microsoft Partner marketplaces reducing the publish time by 30%
• Introduced operational metrics reporting infrastructure in an asynchronous, workflow backed seller
 application publishing pipeline for internal metrics reporting and recovery
• Enabled the OAuth flow for secure delegated access to third party applications to user resources
 in properties such as Sharepoint, Azure, Office
• Worked on internationalization of the frontend by enabling seller registration and app upload
 support in 6 different languages

Teaching Assistant at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
August 2010  -  May 2012  (1 year 10 months)
Fundamental Algorithms, Discrete Structures

- Took discussions and designed problem sets dealing with graph algorithms, dynamic
 programming, divide and conquer, recurrences, induction, flow networks, linear programming, NP-
hardness, randomized and approximation algorithms

- Included in list of teachers ranked excellent for Fundamental Algorithms, Fall 2010

Software Engineer Intern at Facebook
May 2011  -  July 2011  (3 months)

Commerce Experience Team

- Designed APIs for developers to identify users not having payment credentials on file but
 estimated to have heavy future credit card usage. This data was used by developers to offer
 credits at a discounted rate to such users. 

-  Designed the credits marketing stories for the games ticker. High volume game users were
 exposed to discounted credits offers, free credits were offered to users for watching a promotional
 video/advertisement. Also designed flyouts, detailed previews on hover when interacting with these
 stories. Added a pipeline between the feed interface and the payment flows for integration of future
 credits.

- Worked with payment and order systems, user payment information databases, facebook credits
 UI flows, news feed team, and games ticker team.

Research Intern at Tata Institute of Fundamental Research
January 2009  -  May 2009  (5 months)

School of Computer Science

- Derived a stronger lower bound for deterministic schemes on the static membership problem
 using combinatorial and probabilistic techniques

- Proposed a concise probabilistic proof of the Szemeredi regularity lemma dealing with cluster
 creation in large graphs, and proving the property that every cluster pair behaves like a random
 graph.

Software Engineer Intern at Microsoft
May 2008  -  July 2008  (3 months)

Data Protection and Management Team

- Created a multithreaded data archival tool for fast insertion of data to a highly tuned SQL
 installation. Also added dynamic query generation to test the query rate for the data archived. 

- Improved insertion and query rate by designing a more performant database layout and indexing
 strategy, performed scalability testing.

Education
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
Masters, Computer Science, 2010 - 2012
Nirma University
Bachelors, Computer Engineering, 2005 - 2009

Smit Shah
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at Google

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

