Sneha Muralidharan
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Test Engineer at Samsung Pay

Summary
Computer Engineering Graduate with expertise in Android and Windows OS. 
Experienced in RTOS and Embedded Systems. 
Experienced in MySQL database technology, C, C++ and Python. 
Currently seeking Full-Time Opportunities starting from January 2015.

Experience
Software Test Engineer at Samsung Pay
August 2017  -  Present  (3 months)

System Test Engineer at LeEco
July 2016  -  July 2017  (1 year 1 month)

• Startup experience - commercialized multiple products (Le Pro3 & Le S3) in a short span of time.
• Developed new strategies and comprehensive test cases for Smartphone features covering
 Audio, Multimedia, Wireless Casting onto SmartTVs, Fingerprint, SafeSwitch LCD/Display, Touch
 Panel, VoIP, and Android UI.
• Responsible for validation of product performance, product stability, compliances, and
 compatibility test.
• Responsible for writing and executing test plans and document software defects observed.
• Developed and maintained test automation for 3rd Party Applications and Game Performance
 analysis on Android Smartphones. 
• Familiar with AT&T Compliance specifications (AT&T Compliance 10776)
• Provide technical training cross-training to relevant groups as directed.

Software Integration Engineer at Qualcomm
May 2015  -  July 2016  (1 year 3 months)

• Products and integration point of contact for Qualcomm lOT subsystem.
• Provided Linux build support for Qualcomm IOT development platform.
• Products and Integration Point of Contact for ADSP Sub-System in Snapdragon 830 (MSM8998)
 (Pre-Silicon Virtio), Snapdragon 820(MSM8996), Snapdragon 810 (MSM8994) and Snapdragon
 808 (MSM8992) processors used in Linux Android images.
• Involved in MSM8996 Istari V3.0 and Pro bring-up and provided support for Audio DSP
 subsystem. 

• Perform failure analysis on builds using JTAG. 
• Point of contact for all issues related to CoreBSP ADSP for initial triage and debugging
• Develop and maintain build system software and tools used to generate various image flavors in
 ARM Cortex M4 and M0 processors
• Test and debug software stability issues and features for core Audio subsystem in various
 Snapdragon chipsets. 
• Debug hardware and firmware using JTAG and other test tools  

Software Intern at Intel Corporation
January 2014  -  August 2014  (8 months)

• Responsibilities included flashing the firmware and re-imaging of Windows and Android devices
• Worked on a project to port the Windows 8.0 applications to Windows 8.1 Operating System
 (Visual Studio/JavaScript)
• Developed Android Applications to port Android Native applications from ARM devices to Intel’s
 x86 platform.
• Limited the specs of Windows system and provided feedback on its performance to OEMs 
• Ran SoCWatch data analysis to monitor performance/power usage of Android and Windows
 systems
• Worked on setting up demos for Arcsoft and Oovoo on prototype devices to be showcased at the
 Mobile World Congress. 
• Validation of various HDVC and Media Applications on Windows and Android tablet platform and
 helped debug issues on various ISV applications. 

Intern at Siemens Technology India
January 2012  -  May 2012  (5 months)

Hands-on experience with Siemens automation devices which included Programmable Logic
 Controllers, Human Machine interface and Variable frequency drives. Designed an industrial
 system whose parameters can be detected and controlled remotely by the manufacturer which
 involved interfacing a PLC with HMI and VFD.

Intern at Simple Labs India Pvt Ltf
May 2011  -  September 2011  (5 months)

Trained in programming Microcontrollers for Robotics and Embedded applications and in
 programming the ATmega168 microcontroller using open source Arduino IDE and built a DTMF
 based control for Home Appliances. Designed a Line Follower Robot by programming a small
 robot to follow a certain special path.

Education
Northeastern University
Master's Degree, Computer Engineering, 2012 - 2014

Anna University
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Electrical and Electronics Engineering, 2008 - 2012
Activities and Societies:  Electrical Technocrats Association Lions Club International

Sneha Muralidharan
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Test Engineer at Samsung Pay

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

