Solaris Nite
Greater Los Angeles Area
Virtual and Augmented Reality Specialist

Summary
Software engineer, project manager, and educator with a passion for all things virtual and augmented
 reality. Immersive technologies expert helping companies design and build cutting edge applications
 and prototypes for just about every VR & AR platform.

Experience
VR/AR Software Developer at 3DIQ
September 2017  -  Present  (2 months)

3DIQ is an immersive software agency committed to providing our clients with innovative products
 to serve their business' needs. Our team has extensive industry experience building software for
 nearly every VR and AR platform including Vive, Oculus, Gear VR, Cardboard, Daydream, ARKit,
 Hololens, and ODG. We have worked with many notable companies including Airbnb, Spaces,
 Within, Proof Inc, Udacity, and Upload to provide design and development services tailored to their
 needs.

VR Master Course Instructor at Upload, Inc.
June 2017  -  September 2017  (4 months)

The Upload VR Master Program is a full-time 10-week intensive development training program
 designed to prepare software engineers for a career shift into the VR industry. Graduates of this
 program have the skills and network to build world-class consumer and enterprise VR products
 and applications.

See: https://upload.io/courses/masters/

VR R&D Consultant at Airbnb
April 2017  -  June 2017  (3 months)

Designed and developed virtual reality features and applications to help them envision the future
 of their platform.  I built a number of prototypes for them, iterating quickly to provide the proof of
 concepts they needed to convince them of a future for virtual reality at Airbnb.

VR Software Developer at Shaking Earth Digital, LLC
June 2016  -  September 2016  (4 months)

Worked as an all-around software developer--tackling projects for virtual reality, web, and mobile
 platforms.

* Built a virtual reality amusement park attraction for an emerging VR company that helped them
 close millions of dollars in funding.
* Built a multiplayer/networking library used in projects to streamline virtual reality multiplayer
 development.
* Built a mobile 360 video content browser and viewer.
* Built a custom CMS so that our clients could have the autonomy to update and add content to the
 databases that host their apps.

Education
University of Iowa
Computer Engineering, 2014 - 2016
Activities and Societies:  Robotics Club, Hackathons, Tennis Club
Maharishi School
2010 - 2014
Activities and Societies:  Computer Science, Robotics, Varsity Tennis, Speech Competition,
 Destination Imagination.

Solaris Nite
Greater Los Angeles Area
Virtual and Augmented Reality Specialist

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

