Son Pham
Greater Seattle Area
Studying Master of Computer Science - Will be available for W-2 in January 2018

Summary
I graduated from the Department of Electrical Engineering, University of Washington and currently
 working at Snapchat Inc. in Seattle in the Infrastructure team. I'm addicted to coding and sharing my
 passion about coding with other people. Every time I see a coding problem, I am eager to solve it
 as quickly and as efficiently as possible within a short amount of time. I also love exploring videos
 and talks about hacking, sorting, and anything in terms of programming. I'm also willing to learn and
 adapt to new softwares and languages

Given my strong skill sets including my coding ability, analytical and problem solving skills, and
 ability to coordinate efficiently as a team-member and as an individual, I am pursuing software/
hardware developer internships/full-time position that enable me to apply my skills in a professional
 environment.

Technical Skills:
Programming Language: Java, Python, C, Matlab, Verilog
Development Tools: IntellJ, Pycharm, Eclipse, jGRASP, Maple, Matlab, MultiSIM, Altera Quartus II

Experience
Software Engineer at Snap Inc.
May 2016  -  September 2016  (5 months)

Infrastructure Team
 Design internal tool on Google App Engine to provide git-blame info 
from stack trace via HTTPS with Basic-Auth that greatly reduces 
code-change detection time (5-min to 2-sec).
--- Front-end is a web application hosted on Google App Engine that shows exceptions info (name,
 quantity, stack-trace, git-blame information for each files along the trace)  (Javascript, HTML,
 CSS).
--- Back-end is a RESTful API server hosted on Google Compute Engine contains Snapchat code
 base (automatically synced with GitHub every 5 minutes) for git-blame function (Python).
--- Communicate via HTTPS with Basic Authentication for security purpose.
--- Automatically log new exceptions on Google Datastore and alert via HipChat notification if strikes
 happen or exceptions not resolved within 24-hour.

--- Being integrated to QA testing and bugs report in various teams.

 Implement Monitoring cron-job with Grafana metrics of exceptions and
activities on cloud services using Google Monitoring API, alerts on-call
engineers via HipChat and email when unusual spike-ups happen.
--- Gathered and filtered information such as http traffics, data and storage usages, etc. from
 current app and server on Google Cloud using the Google Monitoring API V3, then published to
 Grafana metrics system on website for reviews and monitoring in real-time (Java).
--- Alert via Email and HipChat notification if strikes happen.

Software Development Intern at vizualiiz
September 2015  -  December 2015  (4 months)

• Handled development of shell scripts automating and streamlining several functions,
 including user administration, server and network performance reporting, and back-end server
 transformation.
• Drove a 10% boost in the “Scout” asset management performance via detailed testing and
 debugging.

Special Event Coordinator at University of Washington
August 2014  -  December 2015  (1 year 5 months)

• Facilitate parking operations for special events on UW campus by handling cash transactions,
 giving direction and answering customers' concerns

Undergraduate Research Assistant at Department of Electrical Engineering - University of
Washington
October 2014  -  March 2015  (6 months)

• Designed “Black & White” – an Android game in which users can compete with others in terms of
 how fast they can touch the screen after random amount of time via Wi-Fi or LTE network using
 MIT App Inventor.
• Developed 3D object scanning feature in Android to record amount of consumed food in project
 named DDRS - Dietary Data Recording System.

Education
Maharishi University of Management
Master of Science (M.S.), Computer Science, 2017 - 2019
University of Washington
Bachelor of Science (B.S.) in Electrical Engineering, Embedded Computing Systems, 2013 - 2015
Bellevue College
Associate of Arts and Sciences (A.A.S.), Computer Science, 2011 - 2013
Activities and Societies:  Campus Activities Board International Student Association International
 Student Program

Son Pham
Greater Seattle Area
Studying Master of Computer Science - Will be available for W-2 in January 2018

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

