Srikar Varanasi
Hyderabad Area, India
Data science enthusiast, Associate at Merilytics Inc.

Experience
Data Scientist/Associate at Merilytics Inc.
May 2016  -  Present  (1 year 6 months)

Leading a team of 3 data scientists.

Partnered with a financial services company to analyse credit risk of their loan applicants 
- Helped the client in reducing their overall-write-off rate by predicting the risk from a loan applicant 
  during their under-writing process
- Developed Machine learning models using Logistic regression and Random-forest to predict the
 applicant’s risk

Partnered with a fitness company in U.S to help reduce their customer attrition
- Developed machine learning models(using Random forest,  Adaboost) for predicting  churn
 probabilities of customers. Data set contained an inherent bias. Normalized the data using under-
sampling, over-sampling and SMOTE techniques. Built and tuned the models to fit the client needs.

Designed algorithms to help build a single source of information. This helped in de-duplication and
 record-linkage. The data spanned across multiple sources and consisted of half a million records

Worked with millions of tweets, news articles and other forms of unstructured data. Used NLP and
 machine learning techniques to mine patterns and information. Used techniques such as LDA,
 POS tagging, Named entity recognition and grouping algorithms such as LSH to better understand
 unstructured data.

Primarily worked on R and Python. 

Worked with Machine learning algorithms such as Neural networks, Random-forest,  SVM, boosting
 algorithms, K-means and K- Medoids. Made visuals in R using ggplot2.

Software Development Engineer at Stayzilla.com
June 2015  -  April 2016  (11 months)

Worked on the booking and feedback vertical which involved collaborating with the technical,
 product and marketing team

Designed and developed APIs for external channel managers tool using Node.js

Intern at Amazon
July 2014  -  December 2014  (6 months)

• Worked on implementation of logging system. 
• Analyzed data to create dashboards and measure feature 
effectiveness 
• Helped in increasing customer clicks by suggesting changes in 
the flow of the system (E-ink kindle)

Education
Birla Institute of Technology and Science
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Computer Science, 2011 - 2015
Activities and Societies:  Department of Photography
D.A.V Public School,Hyderabad
2009
Activities and Societies:  Debate, Captain of school house

Srikar Varanasi
Hyderabad Area, India
Data science enthusiast, Associate at Merilytics Inc.

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

