Sriramprabhu Sankaraguru
Greater Boston Area
Actively Seeking Full-Time opportunities in Software Development starting May 2018

Summary
I am pursuing my Masters in Computer Science at Northeastern University, Boston. I always love
 to learn and explore new technologies. Looking into exploring more on areas like System software,
 Back-End development and Networking.

Experience
Graduate Student at Northeastern University
January 2016  -  Present  (1 year 10 months)

Software Engineering Co-op at TripAdvisor
January 2017  -  June 2017  (6 months)

Developed various web applications, script and tools to maintain the Internal Infrastructure like the
 following: 
1. Scripts to monitor various server's performance metrics and display the data on Grafana
 Dashboard.
2. Web application for Employees to register in beta testing with bug monitoring interface.
3. Single page password reset tool that also gives descriptive error message in case of failure.
4. Deployed python scripts, Node.js Web applications and Internal Web sites on Kubernetes.

Web Technologies Used: PHP, AJAX, Javascript, Node.js, HTML/CSS, JQuery
Scripting Languages Used : Python, Powershell, Bash
Other Technologies Used: Kubernetes, Grafana, Elasticsearch

Teaching Assistant at Northeastern University
September 2016  -  December 2016  (4 months)

Setting up Windows and Linux lab environment for the Network Security course. Assisting students
 to complete the lab tasks and grading the reports. 

Software Engineer at Cisco
August 2013  -  November 2015  (2 years 4 months)

Being part of Service Provider Video Technology Group(SPVTG), I worked predominantly on
 development/maintenance of various platform layer modules like DVR, Home Networking, Media
 and Diagnostics of Set-top box OS. Notable contributions:

• Improved mean time to reboot by 30% by identifying a memory leak during the boot up of the set-
top box using Heapwalk analysis and fixing the same
• Enhanced the user experience by modifying significant parts of Home networking module and
 fixing various failures in recorded content streaming 
• Improved the set-top box boot up time by 20% by fixing a thread lock up during the initial stages of
 boot up process
• Implemented secondary audio track support for the new version of set-top box with browser
 support
• Implemented EAS streaming for the new version of set-top box with browser support

Programming Languages Used: C/C++
Other Technologies: UPnP, GDB 

Education
Northeastern University
Master's degree, Computer Science, 2016 - 2018
College of Engineering, Guindy
Bachelor's degree, Computer Science, 2009 - 2013

Sriramprabhu Sankaraguru
Greater Boston Area
Actively Seeking Full-Time opportunities in Software Development starting May 2018

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

