Stephen Chen
San Francisco Bay Area
Actively Seeking Full-time Software Engineer in Bay Area

Summary
● 7+ years of work experience in software development (Intel, IBM, Datrium, and Phoenix
 Technologies).
● Experience of AWS, OpenStack Cloud software development.
● Experience of the full lifecycle of Android and iOS development (Java, Swift, Objective-C)
● Cross-hardware/firmware/software development skills in Datacenter Server and PC/Notebook
 products

Specialties:  AWS, OpenStack, ELK stack, Docker, VMware, RESTful API, Git, Linux, PCIe, Intel CPU
 architecture

Programming Languages: Java, C, C++, Golang, Python, SQL, JavaScript, x86 Assembly, ACPI,
 PHP

Experience
Software Engineer Internship at Datrium
June 2017  -  Present  (5 months)

● Built a high scalability log collection and analysis system based on the ELK stack by Docker.     
 (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana, Docker).
● Provided the Syslog logging service to thousands of VMware ESX machines. (VMware, Syslog).
● Increased the performance of log search up to +600 times (from 16 hours to 1 minute).
● Designed 40 Elasticsearch(ES) Data Nodes (40 shards and 2 replicas per index, 1.5 TB storage
 per node).
Designed 3 ES Master Nodes and 6 ES Client Nodes for the cluster management and load
 balance.

Software Application Engineer at Intel Corporation
August 2013  -  September 2015  (2 years 2 months)

● Provided customer support for PC/Notebook Company regarding Intel pre-boot firmware issues.
● Enabled Intel Firmware Security features to customers, increased the adoption rate from 20% to
 70%.
● Assisted PC companies (Dell, HP, Lenovo, ACER, ASUS) to fix firmware problems and timely
 launch product

volumes of 500k+ to market.
● Developed and conducted streamlined Linux driver training programs for internal engineering
crew, reducing education time by 50%.

Staff Software Engineer at IBM
August 2010  -  August 2013  (3 years 1 month)

● Developed in-house pre-boot firmware for IBM System X Server products. (PCIE, C, Python,
 UEFI)
● Delivered kernel code base of the pre-boot firmware for 100K+ IBM System X server products.
 (Agile)
● Enhanced fault tolerance to mitigate CPU mismatch problem in Intel multi-core server system.
 (RAS)

Software Engineer at Phoenix Technologies
July 2008  -  August 2010  (2 years 2 months)

● Dedicated to low-level x86 assembly language for PC BIOS firmware development. (PCIe, ACPI)
● Designed and developed pre-boot firmware to support Intel chipset and industry specifications.
 (PCI, PCIE)

Education
San Jose State University
Master of Science (M.S.), Software Engineering, Specialization in Cloud and Mobile
 Computing, 2016 - 2018
National Taipei University of Technology
Master of Science, Computer Science and Information Engineering, 2005 - 2008
Chung Hua University
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Computer Science and Information Engineering, 2000 - 2004

Stephen Chen
San Francisco Bay Area
Actively Seeking Full-time Software Engineer in Bay Area

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

