Steve Sun
San Francisco Bay Area
Senior Software Engineer at Coupang

Summary
*A passionate/experienced programmer.
*A team player.
*Always eager to explore new technologies, contribute to open source projects, push code quality to
 next level, build highly scalable and available systems.

Experience
Senior Software Engineer at Coupang
October 2016  -  Present  (1 year 1 month)

Search @ Coupang!

Building an open/scalable Indexing Platform for Coupang using HBase, Spark, EMR.
Overhauled the entire search/serving infrastructure for significant latency/scalability/cost
 improvement.
Built a new service to sync Search Result Page (SRP) with near-realtime data.

We're hiring experienced software engineers, please contact me if you're interested!

Software Engineer at MA Labs
June 2016  -  October 2016  (5 months)

Built internal backend tools using Django at Ma Labs MIS (Management Information Systems)
 Department.

Software Development Engineer at Amazon
February 2015  -  June 2016  (1 year 5 months)

Worked in the core services team of AWS WorkDocs (Zocalo) at Amazon Web Services (AWS).

Teaching Assistant at University of Minnesota
February 2013  -  January 2015  (2 years)

TA for Computer Science classes, grade assignments, hold weekly lab recitations, etc.

Software Development Engineer Intern at Amazon
May 2014  -  August 2014  (4 months)

Coded in Transaction Risk Management System (TRMS) team in Amazon to help better manage
 seller performance.

Education
University of Minnesota-Twin Cities
Master of Science (M.S.), Computer Science, 2013 - 2014
University of Minnesota-Twin Cities
Master of Science (M.Sc.), Environmental Health, 2012 - 2014
Anhui Medical University
Bachelor's degree, Health Information Management, 2007 - 2012

Steve Sun
San Francisco Bay Area
Senior Software Engineer at Coupang

2 people have recommended Steve

"During Steve's internship at Amazon, he quickly ramped up on the complex tools environment and
was producing results almost immediately. I was impressed with his diligence and follow through on
driving open items to completion, his great work ethic and keeping detailed wiki documentation on
his project."
—Josh McCabe, Software Development Manager,  Amazon Web Services,  managed Steve at
Amazon

"I have worked with Steve in the same group at MA Labs. I was impressed by his strong backend
skills. He once worked as full-stack engineer in MA Labs and he mastered the front-end skills in
a very short time and did a great job on his project. Steve is self-motivated and a quick learner.
He can work under big pressure and always finished tasks in time with high quality. He has good
communication skills and he is a pretty nice guy to work with. I would like to recommend him as a
great fit to any company."
—Ruoxi Chen, Software Engineer,  MA Labs,  worked directly with Steve at MA Labs

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

