Supriya Bansal
Greater New York City Area
Software Engineer | Product

Summary
Creative, detail-oriented  and passionate software engineer with more than 5 years of experience.
 Proven ability to create full stack web based applications . Leader who is able to effectively
 coordinate a team, and also a good team player who is able to elevate the work of those around me.

Experience
Software Principal Engineer at Dell
September 2016  -  Present  (1 year 2 months)

Responsible for delivering high value after point of sale and customer related features on Dell Sales
 Application . Involved in production stability , performance and refactoring efforts. Currently working
 on moving the javascript code to Angular 2 and design new microservices.

Software Senior Engineer at Dell
December 2013  -  September 2016  (2 years 10 months)

Utilized REST Web API development patterns to establish an easy-to-use façade around legacy
 WCF services. 
Implemented responsive web-design using AngularJS and Bootstrap.
Actively involved in ApplicationLifecycleManagement(ALM) process using SCRUM framework.
 Developed unit /functional tests using Jasmine and XUnit.

Software Engineer at REI Systems
May 2012  -  November 2013  (1 year 7 months)

Involved in implementing complex SQL queries and stored procedures using SQL Server 2008.
 Worked with MVP pattern for developing web applications for Department of Energy Grant
 Management System.
Implemented telerik controls using C# .Net Framework for web applications

Application Development Specialist at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
September 2010  -  May 2012  (1 year 9 months)

Knowing the requirements of business. 
Produced detailed level design document for customer portal.
Working directly with the clients to gather requirements for application development and therefore
 gain insight into the overall working of the system, both from the technical as well as the business
 perspective. As a system developer challenges include analyzing client requirements, evolving the

 system according to the changing requirements, and finally deploying the deliverables within the
 stipulated time frames.
Full-cycle software development of in-house tools using .NET, utilizing C# and ASP.NET and SQL
 Server 2005 and 2008.

Web Developer Intern at Ministry of Communications and Information Technology
May 2010  -  August 2010  (4 months)

Teaching Assistant at University of Florida
August 2009  -  May 2010  (10 months)

Worked as Teaching Assistant for the course Web Based Decision Support Systems. 
Helped students in their coding assignments and projects that used VB.Net and MS Access
 database.

Education
Product School
Software Product Management (SPM®) Certificate, 2017 - 2017
University of Florida
Masters, Computer Engineering, 2008 - 2010
VIT University
Bachelors of Science, Information Technology, 2004 - 2008

Supriya Bansal
Greater New York City Area
Software Engineer | Product

3 people have recommended Supriya

"Supriya joined our team very new to .NET development. She proved to be a quick learner and
became a productive member of the team in no time. She is dependable, works in a collaborative
way, and always has a smile."
—Kathryn Courtney, Associate Director, System Development and Support, Auxiliary Shared
Technology Services,  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign,  managed Supriya at University
of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign

"Supriya worked in our systems support and development group and she is a true hard working
employee. She joined as a fresh graduate but in a very short time she learned the various
technologies to get the job done on time and I highly recommend her. She is an excellent team
member. Her attention to detail, collaboration skills and the way she presents her ideas will be a
great addition to any team/company."
—Sravanthi Jonnalagadda, PMP, Senior IT Project Manager/BA, IT - Web Strategy,  Houston
Methodist,  managed Supriya indirectly at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign

"I have known Supriya since her arrival to the DSA program here at Dell. Supriya has demonstrated
excellent leadership recently, perhaps due to her involvement with the Dale Carnegie leadership
program! I am thankful that she has generously offered to step-up to be first for many late night
deployments to help troubleshoot and shepherd the process along. She seeks to understand
requirements thoroughly to make sure the implementation is in alignment with the business
requirements. Supriya is doing a fantastic job, so much growth that I have nominated her for a peer
recognition award. I have enjoyed working with her very much and hope she continues to keep up
her strong efforts on features going forward! "
—Mister Mopac, Award Winning Software Señor Principal Engineer,  Dell,  managed Supriya
indirectly at Dell

Profile Notes and Activity (1)

10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

