Tatparya Shankar
Lafayette, Indiana Area
Engineer | Entrepreneur

Summary
Pursuing an undergraduate degree in the field of Computer Engineering from Purdue University.
A very passionate and quick learner with a strong background in object oriented programming, data
 structures and algorithms. Highly motivated and interested in machine leaning, artificial intelligence,
 data analysis, competitive programming and mobile / web application development.

Seeking a challenging work environment and a position of responsibility that would allow me to utilize
 and further refine my technical and interpersonal skills and also enrich my knowledge.

Experience
Software Engineering Intern at TripAdvisor
May 2016  -  August 2016  (4 months)

Worked on Partner API production code for Tripadvisor’s B2B Partnerships team
Built Django application providing partner widget configurations on a dashboard for developers and
 analysts
Implemented data visualizations to Tripadvisor’s review platform impacting 2 million customers
 each month

Machine Learning Research Intern at IBM
June 2015  -  August 2015  (3 months)

Project Title : Multi-modal Semantic Analysis
• Worked alongside senior IBM researcher implementing clustering algorithms to identify and group
journalistic sources of data points across different media types
• Deployed a custom Apache server implementing HTTP queries and JSON API to index natural
 language data, used to expedite indexing and searching for over 2000 data points

Web Developer Intern, ITap Purdue at Purdue University
January 2015  -  August 2015  (8 months)

Student web developer intern at ITap Informatics, Purdue University.

Working on developing web and mobile applications used by students in many courses at Purdue.

IT Director, Purdue FIRST Programs at Purdue FIRST Programs
August 2014  -  May 2015  (10 months)

Led the Information Technology team looking over various IT related tasks like web, server and
 cloud management for the organisation.

Responsible for redesigning the organization website and designing an android application for
 Boilermaker Regional FIRST Robotics Competition.

Project Manager, EPICS Purdue at EPICS Purdue University
January 2014  -  January 2015  (1 year 1 month)

Managing the Information Management System ( IMS ) team under the EPICS Program, Purdue
 University.
Implementing the Django framework to design a website using concepts of Software Development
 Life Cycle and Agile Software Development to connect the greater Lafayette community to service
 learning groups at Purdue

Summer Intern, Accenture at Accenture
June 2014  -  July 2014  (2 months)

Managed and worked along with a group of 8 interns on a project where Department of Industrial
 Policy and Promotions ( DIPP ), Maharashtra engaged Accenture to conduct a study on "Improving
 the Business Environment in India". The project deep dived into six major best practices followed in
 various states of India that improvised the business environment, were likely to spur growth in the
 industry and also lead to generation of employment of millions of people across the country.

Physics Undergraduate Teaching Assistant at Purdue University
January 2014  -  May 2014  (5 months)

Assisting a class of about 45 students to understand the complex course material that is taught
 during the course.

Education
Purdue University
Bachelor of Science (BS) in Computer Engineering, Computer Engineering, 2013 - 2017
Activities and Societies:  Purdue ITap Student worker, Purdue FIRST Programs, IEEE Computer
 Society, EPICS Information Management System, Purdue First ( Information Technology ),
 Undergraduate Teaching Assistant for Physics
Delhi Public School - R. K. Puram
2011 - 2013
Activities and Societies:  Football Team, Sports Club Member, Sports, Programming, Student Council
 Member.
Delhi Public School, Patna
1999 - 2011
Activities and Societies:  Student Council, Chess, Chess Club Secretary, Chess Team Captain,
 Football Team, Sports Club.

Tatparya Shankar
Lafayette, Indiana Area
Engineer | Entrepreneur

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

