Thom Dixon
Greater Seattle Area
Security Software Engineer at Uber

Summary
tl;dr:  Math geek and crypto nerd who writes security software, usually in Python and C.

I am a software developer with a passion for free and open source software, and a deep interest in
 computer security and cryptography. Check out my GitHub: https://github.com/thomdixon

I believe that the developer's role is inherently multifaceted: to design elegant (and hopefully
 innovative) solutions to difficult problems, to document our code, our failures, and our triumphs for
 the sake of our own (and sometimes others') sanity, and to implement our solution using the most
 appropriate tools available, having robustness, reuse, security, and extensibility in mind.

Experience
Security Software Engineer at Uber
June 2016  -  Present  (1 year 5 months)

• Improved the performance of Uber's secret storage service by reducing network utilization by
 90%, reducing p95 response time by 66%, and increasing load capacity by 80x.
• Suggested and implemented significant architectural changes to Uber's cloud document retention
 policy enforcement tool in order to improve efficiency and debugability.
• Redesigned and reimplemented the user interface for Uber's internal permission management tool
 to improve usability and maintainability.
• Reimplemented the service-to-service authentication CLI tool to improve testability and
 extensibility.
• Implemented a FUSE filesystem client to Uber's secret storage service.

Senior Software Engineer at Influence Mobile
September 2015  -  May 2016  (9 months)

• Principal engineer implementing a new ad platform with Ruby on Rails aiming to incentivize user
 engagement and re-engagement.
• A primary developer on the Louder Rewards mobile applications, utilizing React Native.

Security Software Engineer at Ultimate Software
June 2014  -  September 2015  (1 year 4 months)

I developed tools and systems which aided in the identification and resolution of infiltration
 attempts.

Software Engineer at Ultimate Software
May 2013  -  June 2014  (1 year 2 months)

As a DevOps engineer on the SaaS Automation cell of the Build and Deployment team, I assisted in
 the development of the tools and systems used to deploy and manage our software in production.

• Designed and implemented an administration portal for our Operations teams, utilizing
 CoffeeScript, AngularJS, and Bootstrap 3 for the front end, and RESTful services implemented in
 C# using ASP.NET's Web API for the back-end.

Undergraduate Research Assistant at University of Florida
August 2012  -  May 2013  (10 months)

Accepted a Research Experience for Undergraduates position under Prof. Renato Figueiredo and
 Ph. D. candidate Pierre St. Juste working on distributed virtual private networks (e.g., IPOP [IP
 Over P2P], GroupVPN and SocialVPN) in the Advanced Computing and Information Systems
 Laboratory. In particular, I assisted in the implementation of simple inter-cloud communication for
 the Contrail cloud platform via the utilization of a P2P overlay in the form of IPOP, and worked to
 secure the communication between nodes through the use of IPsec.

Software Engineer Intern at Ultimate Software
May 2012  -  August 2012  (4 months)

Worked on a myriad of projects as a member of the Architecture Refactoring Team, who are tasked
 with maintaining and improving both the underlying architecture and various other components
 of UltiPro, Ultimate Software's flagship enterprise Human Capital Management solution. Some
 highlights include:

• Assisted in the creation of UltiPro's mobile web application, powered by HTML5, KnockoutJS, and
 Twitter Bootstrap on the client side, with C# heading up the server side.
• Worked on Ultimate's new metadata-driven Platform Configurability feature, which will enable
 clients to more easily tailor UltiPro to suit their own needs.

Education
Grooveshark University
Software Engineering, 2013 - 2013
University of Florida
Bachelor of Science, Mathematics, 2011 - 2013
Activities and Societies:  Math Club, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Club
Brevard Community College

Associate of Arts (A.A.), General Education, 2007 - 2010

Thom Dixon
Greater Seattle Area
Security Software Engineer at Uber

1 person has recommended Thom

"Thom was a rockstar Sr Mobile Developer on my team at Influence Mobile. Thom is an
extraordinary developer, loyal teammate and compassionate mentor to other devs. He impressed
us all most with his ability and eagerness to jump in and kick-ass on any project, any technology. I
can’t wait to work with Thom again and would recommend him to any team. "
—Nick Parsons, Manager, Product Management,  Tableau Software,  managed Thom at Influence
Mobile

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

