Tiffany Tung
Greater Seattle Area
Software Engineer at Avanade

Summary
Experienced Software Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology
 and services industry. Skilled in Java, JavaScript, JQuery, React JS, HTML/CSS, Node, C#,
 ASP.NET, SQL,  Teamwork, and Project Management.  Strong engineering professional with a
 Bachelor of Science (BS) focused in Informatics (a.k.a. Computer Science, Software engineering,
 Human-computer interaction) from University of Washington, Seattle. 

Experience
Software Engineer at Avanade
July 2016  -  Present  (1 year 4 months)

Developing next generation business solutions for key clients in multiple projects:
- Personal assistant app for Microsoft CEO: responsible for building APIs with C#, ASP.NET to
 integrate our PowerApp with different technologies including Outlook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and
 OneNote. 
- Gamification website product for training internal employees at many different companies: worked
 on UI and game development using JQuery, HTML/CSS, C# and ASP.NET
- Website for Modern Muse to empower and connect women in technology: responsible for all front
 end feature development using ReactJS, Node and Java

Web Development Intern at The Walt Disney Company
June 2015  -  September 2015  (4 months)

Worked with cross-site disney engineer teams, building next generation Web Ux solutions
- Helped develop internal SDK for user authentication for all Disney websites using JQuery, HTML/
CSS
- Contributed to Disneyland, DisneyWorld and Disney Cruise Line websites with new front end
 features using JQuery, HTML/CSS, PHP (Zend Framework)
- Pushed code to production for the Walt Disney World, Disneyland, and Disney Cruise Line official
 websites.
- Gained experience with scrum development by working with an agile team. 
- Gained experience with other rtools, such as Apache2, Grunt, Gulp and Git. 

Lead ETL Engineering Intern at CONNX Solutions
January 2015  -  March 2015  (3 months)

Worked with CONNX engineers and led 2 other engineering  interns in developing secure, real-time
 SQL data access and integration.   
- Led data migration from an old database to the latest MS SQL database
- Gained experience with prioritizing development tasks, defining specifications and documenting
 project processes. 
- Established ETL skills by designing a technical solution related to data access, manipulation and
 migration.
- Gained experience with SQL Server 2012, SQL Server 2001, PostgreSQL and CONNX specific
 software such as DataSync. 

Software Engineering Intern at Intel Corporation
June 2014  -  September 2014  (4 months)

Worked with senior Intel Lab engineers in developing advanced "IoT (Internet of things)" solutions. 
  
- Developed a Proof-of-Concept prototype using Intel Galileo board to create an EKG that detects
 heart irregularities
- Developed an Smart Green House application, using Intel Galileo board, to create a self
 regulating green house
- Assembled sensors, breadboard, Galileo board and other hardware necessary for the
 demonstrations. 
- Gained experience in collecting data and developing algorithms as well as translating that to
 Intel's own unique coding language. 

Education
University of Washington
Bachelor of Science (BS), Informatics (a.k.a. Computer Science, Software engineering, Human-
computer interaction) , 2012 - 2016
Sunset High School

Tiffany Tung
Greater Seattle Area
Software Engineer at Avanade

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

