Tomas Piaggio
Uruguay
ICQA Web Development Intern en Amazon

Experience
ICQA Web Development Intern at Amazon
July 2017  -  Present  (4 months)

Developing web applications for the EU Inventory Control & Quality Assurance team, manipulating
 large databases and working with Amazon environment using a full set of technologies, especially
 Ruby on Rails.

Professor of Software Architecture at Universidad ORT Uruguay
August 2016  -  Present  (1 year 3 months)

Professor of Software Architecture at Software Engineering Department at Universidad ORT.
Working with advanced students, using JEE and putting into practice architectural styles
 and patterns, and tactics for quality attributes. Creating solutions using EJBs, JPA and JMS
 technologies, as well as other Java EE APIs and Application Servers such as Glassfish.

PS Web Developer at NetSuite
May 2016  -  July 2017  (1 year 3 months)

Working as a Full Stack Developer with the SuiteCommerce Advance platform.
Currently using a full set of technologies such as JavaScript, CoffeeScript, jQuery, Backbone,
 Underscore, Bootstrap, Sass, HTML, Git, NodeJS and Gulp.
English communication skills including speaking and writing are a must in NetSuite.

Assistant Professor of Software Architecture at Universidad ORT Uruguay
August 2015  -  July 2016  (1 year)

Assistant Professor at Software Engineering Department at Universidad ORT. In charge of
 supporting students on Software Architecture Courses.
Working with advanced students, using JEE and putting into practice architectural styles
 and patterns, and tactics for quality attributes. Creating solutions using EJBs, JPA and JMS
 technologies.

Software Developer at Xinamon
September 2015  -  May 2016  (9 months)

Working at Xinamon provided me with tons of experience on different areas in the web application's
 life cycle. From working directly with USA clients to build web applications from scratch, as well as
 testing and maintenance. Mainly developing with Ruby on Rails and postgresql on the backend
 and javascript, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5 and CSS3 on the frontend, using Trello as a tracking tool.

Assistant Professor of Programming at Universidad ORT Uruguay
March 2015  -  July 2015  (5 months)

Assistant Professor at Programming Department at Universidad ORT. In charge of supporting
 students on Java Programming Courses.
Worked mainly with beginner students, teaching Java language and using Netbeans.

Software Developer at Tribus IT Solutions
February 2014  -  March 2015  (1 year 2 months)

As a developer at Tribus I was involved in many different projects in different sectors. At Tribus,
 there are a lot of opportunities to grow as an engineer, where you can find a great working
 atmosphere and technological challenges.
Worked as a web developer on back-end mainly with Java, Play Framework and MySQL, and on
 front-end with HTML5, CSS3 and Javascript, specially JQuery.

Violinist at Orquesta Juvenil del SODRE
2011  -  2013  (2 years)

Concerts in main concert halls across the country:
-Auditorio Adela Reta (SODRE)
-Teatro Solís
-Sala Zitarrosa
Country tours
International seminars

Education
Universidad ORT Uruguay
Bachelor’s Degree - Computer Software Engineering, 2011 - 2016
St. Patrick's College
High School, 2003 - 2010

Tomas Piaggio
Uruguay
ICQA Web Development Intern en Amazon

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

