Travis Cook
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at IBM in Private Cloud

Summary
Experienced Software Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology
 and services industry. Skilled in Communication, Node.js, Mac, .NET Framework, and HTML. Strong
 engineering professional with a B.S. in Computer Science from University of Houston-Downtown.

Experience
Software Engineer at IBM
June 2017  -  Present  (5 months)

Windows Thin Client Software Developer Intern at HP
May 2016  -  May 2017  (1 year 1 month)

Duties:
• Collaborate with fellow intern(s) and coworkers on given projects
• Use problem solving and analytical skills to complete assigned projects
• Code, analyze, and design small scale applications or systems. 
• Debug and fix software defects. 
• Participate in code reviews. 
• Participates in development teams to create working software. 
• Refactoring code on project assignments. 
• Prepare code and documentation. 
• Contributes ideas to project planning.
• Use SVN source code control

Project Involvement:
• Collaborated with multiple teams to design and develop a C# WPF multithreaded application to
 deploy HP software to clients’ computers that will allow the clients to manage their licensed HP
 software. The overall goal was to improve clients’ manageability of HP software licensed to them
 through a single application.
• Prototyped a C++ program that would search the Windows registry by using native functions
 provided by Microsoft. Tested and debugged the program while increasing runtime efficiency by
 15% compared to the existing C# code version that HP was currently utilizing in other programs.

• Built a solution to implement Windows Update Agent for offline HP Thin Clients using C#. This
 project was to help ensure all HP Thin Clients have the latest Windows Security Patches and
 eliminate any potential security breaches.

Education
University of Houston-Downtown
Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Computer Science, 2014 - 2017
Activities and Societies:  Member of Sigma Alpha Pi, The National Society of Leadership and
 Success
Lone Star College
Associate of Science (A.S.), Computer Science, 2013 - 2014

Travis Cook
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer at IBM in Private Cloud

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

