Tushar Bhandari
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer 3 at eBay

Summary
It is our attitude and not our aptitude which determines our altitude in life. I have always believed that
 the right attitude, the right effort and the right level of confidence can help you achieve contentment
 and success in life. With this passion, I always aim at learning about new computer related
 technologies and contributing to the emerging technologies.

Specialties
Languages: Java, Python
Operating Systems: Linux, Mac OS, Windows
Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, ASP.NET, Silverlight, AJAX, XML
Databases: MS SQL Server, Hive, HBase
Software: Eclipse, NetBeans, Visual Studio, SQL Server Management Studio, Microsoft Test
 Manager, SharePoint 2010
Frameworks: Hadoop MapReduce, Spring DI, Mockito, JMockIt
Source Control: Git

Experience
Software Engineer 3 at eBay
May 2016  -  Present  (1 year 6 months)

Software Development Engineer at Amazon Web Services (EFS)
February 2014  -  May 2016  (2 years 4 months)

Contributed to the development of a distributed file storage service for Amazon EC2 called Amazon
 Elastic File System (EFS).

Teaching Assistant (Algorithms and Data Structures) at Northeastern University
September 2013  -  December 2013  (4 months)

Conducted labs and assisted students for the course "Algorithms and Data Structures in C++" (CS
 1500).
Graded homework and exams.

SDE Intern at Amazon
May 2013  -  August 2013  (4 months)

Designed and developed a host identity service in Java using Spring Dependency Injection
 framework which validates different hosts in Amazon that need access to other internal services.

Implemented host authentication rules such as host certificate and signature validation using Java’s
 Bouncy Castle, reverse DNS lookup and meta-data validation for hosts using AWS EC2 API.
 Issued temporary credentials to the host once identified using AWS Security Token Service API.

Implemented a command-line client for communicating with the service in Java.

Tested service code using open source testing frameworks for Java such as Mockito and
 PowerMockito and used Git as the primary version control system for managing the code.

Graduate Teaching Assistant (Web Development) at Northeastern University, College of Computer
and Information Science
January 2013  -  April 2013  (4 months)

Assisted graduate students in building a website for the course "Web Development" (CS 5610) and
 gave weekly feedback for the same.

Software Developer Co-op at BA Insight
June 2012  -  December 2012  (7 months)

Worked on BA Insight's product called "Longitude Search" for SharePoint 2010. Longitude has a
 silverlight viewer for the documents in SharePoint and FAST Search.

Added features such as inserting document previews on wiki pages in SharePoint 2010, blogging,
 emailing and printing documents from Silverlight Viewer for Longitude for SharePoint and FAST
 Search using Javascript COM, C#, Silverlight, Web Services. 

Created and executed test cases for Longitude Search using Microsoft Test Manager 2010.

Grader (Database Design) at Northeastern University, College of Computer and Information Science
January 2012  -  April 2012  (4 months)

Graded undergraduate students for the course "Database Design" (CS 3200) with Prof. Mirek
 Riedewald.

Software Developer Intern at Strata Geosystems (India) Pvt. Ltd.
February 2010  -  March 2010  (2 months)

Developed a database system for managing projects of the company which provides customized
 reports to end users and notifications for the approaching deadline of the projects.

Developed the class libraries, properties and front end User Interface in Visual Studio 2008.

Education
Northeastern University
Master's degree, Computer Science, 2011 - 2013
University of Mumbai
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Information Technology, 2007 - 2011

Tushar Bhandari
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer 3 at eBay

1 person has recommended Tushar

"He was in intern at BA-Insight and working for development. I often would consult with
development on support issues. He always made himself accessible to the support team to help in
any way he could. He was always easy to work with and was quick to learn the software. Tushar
would be an asset in any organization."
—Basma Soliman, Application Support,  Liaison International,  worked with Tushar at BA Insight

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

