Vaishakh Baragur Narasimhareddy
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer

Experience
Software Engineer at Google
November 2016  -  Present  (1 year)

Edge Platform Security

Software Engineer at Apigee (APIC)
February 2016  -  November 2016  (10 months)

Software Engineer in the Platform Security team.

Software Engineering Intern at Virtual Instruments
June 2015  -  September 2015  (4 months)

- Built REST based micro-services that gathers application and network performance metrics from
 AWS CloudWatch and sFlow and ingresses them into a Key Value Store (Redis). 
- Conceptualized and implemented the first version of the SDK for building more such data
 collectors.

Associate Software Developer at Sabre Corporation
July 2013  -  August 2014  (1 year 2 months)

- Enhanced features & fixed bugs in Hotel, Air and Car, Policy and Site Admin modules of
 GetThere, a corporate travel booking site with SaaS architecture that serves more than 12 million
 transactions everyday.
- Used best practices like Agile, TDD. Worked on the entire Java Stack.
- Was part of the core team that started the initiative to bring in innovative ideas into the product.
 Developed the idea submission website. 
- Gathered metrics related to the functional and unit test code coverage of the product using
 JaCoCo and SonarQube. Got feedback from various stakeholders and tailored the results
 dashboard based on their requirements.

Intern at Exeter Group
February 2013  -  May 2013  (4 months)

- Automated the build process of OneGate, the Obamacare Exchange website for the state of
 Hawaii. 
- Worked closely with the Deployment team to understand their requirement and presented a
 feasible solution.

Intern at IISc Medical Intelligence And Language Engineering(MILE) lab

July 2011  -  September 2011  (3 months)

- Reduced the size of the TTS database using on the ﬂy conversion of audio ﬁles.
- Wrote the installer for IISc's Text to Speech Engine based on the requirements of the visually
 challenged. 
- Made minor code fixes to the Microsoft Speech API Wrapper of MILE Text to speech Engine

Education
University of California, Irvine
Master's in Computer Software Engineering, Computer Software Engineering, 2014 - 2016
RV College Of Engineering
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), Computer Science, 2009 - 2013
MES Kishore Kendra PU College
PUC, PCMB, 2007 - 2009
Parachute Regiment School
CBSE, CBSE, 2002 - 2007
Activities and Societies:  Debating, Dramatics, Mad Ads,

Vaishakh Baragur Narasimhareddy
San Francisco Bay Area
Software Engineer

5 people have recommended Vaishakh Baragur

"Dedicated, result oriented problem solver, able to meet customer expectations, deliver complex
requirements on time."
—Sreenivasa Rao Tav, Team Lead,  Sabre Corporation,  managed Vaishakh Baragur at Sabre
Corporation

"I spent 3 months working with Vaishakh over the summer as his internship mentor. I was
repeatedly impressed by Vaishakh's ability to take guidance and work independently towards a
goal, doing the research necessary on his own, reviewing his findings and then setting off turning
his research into reality. Over the course of three months, Vaishakh produced two key product
features for us with production-ready quality. I hope to work with Vaishakh again after he graduates,
but failing that I would recommend him highly in whatever he chooses to do."
—Nicholas York, Product Architect, Data and Analytics,  Virtual Instruments,  managed Vaishakh
Baragur at Virtual Instruments

"He is a very talented, highly skilled individual with great technical skills.He is a quick learner and
always comes up with straight-forward solutions. I highly recommend Vaishakh."
—Janmejay Swain, Tech,  Sabre Travel Network,  managed Vaishakh Baragur indirectly at Sabre
Corporation

"Vaishakh’s work performance during his internship at Virtual Instruments was impressive: he
implemented a component for a brand new product, and worked on integrating and testing his
component with the main services. His project was completed in time and worked as expected
to help the MVP of the new product. He showed great motivation, finished his project ahead of
time, wrote complete documentation and gave TOI to the team. Vaishakh will definitely be a great
contributor to any engineering team. "
—Cindy Cao, Senior Software Engineer,  Twilio Inc.,  managed Vaishakh Baragur at Virtual
Instruments

"Vaishakh is a hard working and dedicated professional With Strong Problem Solving Skills. In my
association with Vaishakh, I have observed him learning very fast and getting quickly comfortable
in the area he is responsible.He does not require much supervision.He is a very friendly person to
work with.I would strongly recommend Vaishakh for any software related job."
—Khadar Basha Shaik, Senior Software Development Engineer,  Sabre Corporation,  managed
Vaishakh Baragur indirectly at Sabre Corporation

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

