Vamsi Goparaju
Austin, Texas Area
Program & Portfolio Manager, Performance Analytics

Summary
MBA with 8+ years of progressive responsibility in project phases from concept creation to delivery.
 Proven leader with demonstrated success in Technology Consulting, Project Management, Process
 Engineering, Analytics, Strategy & Planning, and Client Management. Excellent track record of
 finding & bridging technology gaps in businesses and effectively executing critical implementations
 for Fortune 500 companies. 

Specialties: 
Project Management, Business Development, Process Improvement, Analytics Transformation,
 Supply Chain Analytics, Strategy and Planning. 

Technology skills 
Tableau, DataWatch, SAS, PL/SQL, MS Project, SharePoint, Java, J2EE, XML, C/C++, UNIX,
 Oracle, and SDLC in both Waterfall and Agile Methodologies.

Experience
Business Intelligence Sr. Advisor (Program/Portfolio Manager) at Dell
February 2015  -  Present  (2 years 9 months)

Program/Portfolio Mgmt., Strategy & Planning, BI Architecting for Business & Supply Chain
 Operations’ analytics.
1.  Analytics portfolio manager: Maintain 14 projects with a group of 10 analysts, for projects
 ranging from cycle time prediction to order management, using various analytical and machine
 learning techniques.
2. Program managed and architected delivery of a fully integrated Inventory, BMS, and Command
 Center suit, enabling leadership to effectively utilize teams and showcase deliveries (SVP
 Quarterly Highlight)
3. Delivered Demand/Supply accountability and governance suite with global adoption, having a
 direct yearly saving of at least $0.5M (SVP Award)
4. Program managed delivery of a solution to validate order volumes and part costs outsourced to
 an external fulfillment center, directly saving at least $300K yearly for Dell
5. Head Tableau & data governance with a group of 5 local admins, directly saving at least $50K
 yearly.

6. Align BI to Dell’s Strategy, and plan next fiscal initiatives for BI/IT funding.

Co-Op MBA Intern at Dell
September 2014  -  December 2014  (4 months)

Business Intelligence Team - Global Sales Operations
1. Concept creation and Integration of discrete business management systems to create a one stop
 business management solution. 
2. Analyzing and mapping current business processes along with standardizing metrics, creating a
 common ground for predictive and prescriptive analytics. 

Graduate Sr. Advisor MBA Intern at Dell
June 2014  -  August 2014  (3 months)

End-to-End Customer Experience Dashboard: Coordinating closely with Analytics team, Sales
 Ops, Directors, and VPs to come up with key deliverables & road map for improving operational
 efficiency & customer experience across sales. 
1. Developed a playbook and data map to create an RCA system that can identify systemic
 problems, bring continues operational improvements, accelerate issue resolution cycle time, and
 present mitigation plans’ framework.
2. Created a sales process flow map and standardized KPIs, for EUC and ESG products, helping
 analytics team gain insights into customer experience metrics & process improvement pain points. 
3. Designed data models, estimated thresholds, and created control rules to develop an early
 warning system.

Technology Analyst at Infosys
June 2012  -  July 2013  (1 year 2 months)

Led product development, implementation, and support tracks as Single Point of Contact for
 Fortune 500 US Clients.
1. Prepared road-map and led implementation plan as part of client-side team to successfully
 launch new banking product for a Fortune 500 bank, providing cutting edge enhancements and
 extensions to bank’s services. 
2. Spearheaded a crucial issue resolution activity and resolved more than 30 issues in less than a
 month, significantly accelerating product delivery time by clearing critical roadblocks. 
3. Designed Automated-IRS-Tax reporting functionality to help US clients save at least 50% in
 reporting cost. 
4. Led team effectively in developing 2 major product modules, saving 25% in time & effort.

Senior Systems Engineer at Infosys
April 2011  -  May 2012  (1 year 2 months)

Managed direct reportees in various product customizations for Caribbean clients.

1. Managed direct reportees effectively in delivering bank’s overdraft reporting modules, helping
 client save more than 80% in effort and 70% in cost to quickly identify under-performing and
 fraudulent overdrafts.  
2. Trained a batch of 50 employees on various functional & technical concepts, helping build a new
 product development team with highest quality rating for US market.
3. Led various action items to closure, anchored client calls, and resolved several crisis situations &
 showstopping issues, consistently maintaining a strong positive customer feedback and helping the
 project maintain highest CMMi rating.

Pre-Sales – Developed working concepts for Fortune 500 US clients,
1.  Designed, developed, and effectively marketed working concepts to automate and achieve a
 reliable high value SWIFT transaction system for a prospective Fortune 500 US client.

Systems Engineer at Infosys
January 2009  -  March 2011  (2 years 3 months)

Post-Live customization - Closely working with a Caribbean based banking client across SDLC.
1. Won highest unit-level award for single-handedly delivering Automatic Clearing House
 functionality by closely working with a priority client and effectively coordinating across multiple
 teams, greatly improving bank’s transaction speed & accuracy.
2. Gathered requirements and developed and documented High & Detailed level designs for
 customization items, successfully bringing them to client’s sign-off.
3. Rapidly performed end-end testing of more than 20 modules, and detected several show-
stopping issues at a precision of $0.001, ensuring bank’s daily ledger accuracy.
4. Fixed numerous issues raised by testing team, along with documenting and delivering the
 release, all with highest client satisfaction and no reopening of fixes. 

Post-Live support
1. Analyzed, simulated and resolved issues at code level or provided temporary workarounds for
 show stopping issues, working closely with the client.

Project Enablement Program for a leading US Bank
1. Understood business processes and tools, developed High & Detailed level designs, along with 
 documenting and presenting the designs for sign-off.
2. Developed, tested, fixed and released, customized modules.

Software Trainee at Infosys
June 2008  -  December 2008  (7 months)

1. Achieved a Cumulative GPA of 4.98 out of 5.00 in a 6 month intensive training program on more
 than 20 software & banking technologies' courses. 

2. Won 2nd prize in a presentation competition, from Infosys Leadership Institute.

Education
Texas A&M University
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), 2013 - 2015
Activities and Societies:  MBA Student Ambassador - Hosting prospective & admitted student
 activities.
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.), Electronics and Communications Engineering, 2004 - 2008
Activities and Societies:  Member of IEEE, JKC, and College-Level Technical Fests Organizing
 committee.
Sri Chaitanya Junior College
Intermediate, MPC, 2002 - 2004
DAV Public School
2002
Activities and Societies:  - Participated in 5 National-Level Competitions.

Vamsi Goparaju
Austin, Texas Area
Program & Portfolio Manager, Performance Analytics

2 people have recommended Vamsi

"Vamsi came across as a composed Toastmaster and Technology Analyst who managed to
balance his designated role at Infosys and Secretary role at Infosys Hyderabad Toastmasters Club
in a perfect way. As the past President and Area Governor for the club and the corresponding
Area, I can vouch for his proactive contributions toward the growth of the club. He used to
actively generate ideas in the Executive Committee meets and work towards achieving them in
a methodical way. Especially laudable are his skills at chairing special events like contests and
conferences where he sets a defined plan and rallies the team of volunteers towards the common
cause. I am sure these skills will bode well for him in his career."
—Mukesh Maguluri, Manager, FP&A,  Asurion,  managed Vamsi at Infosys

"Having known and worked with Vamsi, I have noticed that he is very keen to learn things and puts
his best foot forward. His communication is very clear and wants to always see ahead and know
how his works contributes to the big picture. It has been a pleasure to work with him and wish him
all the very best for his future endeavors."
—Shijo T Koshy, Principal Consultant - Commerical banking practice,  Infosys,  managed Vamsi
indirectly at Infosys

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

