Vikas Paliwal
San Francisco Bay Area
Strategist | Marketer | Data Scientist @ Toshiba

Summary
Personable, analytical, and cost/volume/profit-conscious senior-level marketing leader offering
 broad-based experience providing excellence in business development and marketing. Considerable
 expertise in product marketing and business strategy efforts in world­-class organizations to achieve
 outstanding levels of performance and value generation for customers. Demonstrated expertise on
 competitive strategy on pricing, product positioning and differentiation.

Experience
Marketing and BU Strategy at Toshiba
October 2013  -  Present  (4 years 1 month)

I am responsible for defining and executing BU (business unit) strategy/roadmap/timelines/
promotion/pricing for products and activities that come along with it.

Product Manager/Founder at Intel Corporation
March 2011  -  October 2013  (2 years 8 months)

Proposed, got funded, executed and successfully rolled out a startup inside Intel as a new business
 for Software and Services Group (SSG).

Product Manager at Broadcom Limited
February 2008  -  March 2011  (3 years 2 months)

Lead Engineer at Qualcomm
February 2005  -  March 2008  (3 years 2 months)

Software Engineer at Solana Networks
October 2004  -  February 2005  (5 months)

Research Engineer at Nortel Networks
September 2002  -  October 2004  (2 years 2 months)

Intern at IMS, Infineon Technologies
May 2001  -  August 2001  (4 months)

Education
Carleton University

MASc, Computer Engineering
Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur
B. Tech., Electrical Engineering
University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
Activities and Societies:  Vice President -- Haas Data Science Club, Program Manager -- Haas Tech
 Club, Haas Consulting Club

Vikas Paliwal
San Francisco Bay Area
Strategist | Marketer | Data Scientist @ Toshiba

1 person has recommended Vikas

"Vikas was an "Intelpreneur" in my investment portfolio. He was an engineer that took initiative
to go beyond his day job and work on a side project that could potentially earn new streams of
revenue for Intel. Although he was an engineer he learned how to put together a full business plan
and recruit team members to bring his vision to life. He showed obvious passion for his business
idea. His idea was one of the top 5 ideas submitted and earned a spot to be showcased at an event
in front of an Intel audience and judges. He is the type of employee Intel should strive to keep."
—Maya Madison, Real Estate Investor,  Self-employed,  worked with Vikas at Intel Corporation

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

