William S. Fuller
San Francisco Bay Area
Front End Engineer

Summary
I am a Front End Developer working to be a Full Stack Developer. I'm fascinated with every level
 there is to web development from inception to design to development and to release. My tools of
 the trade are HTML5, CSS3 (SCSS), JavaScript, jQuery, Git, Wordpress and soon to be Django,
 AngularJS, and MySQL. Always looking and implementing latest trends but keeping a close eye on
 graceful degradation and cross-browser/device experiences. I love waking up everyday to the tasks I
 have at hand at work, and excited to learn with projects I'm creating personally.

Experience
Software Engineer at Airbnb
February 2017  -  Present  (9 months)

Design and develop front end application  for internal tool to help with on boarding and off boarding
 users on particular platforms/services.

- Create an attractive UI using Airbnb's design language, within Sketch. 
- Build prototype of application in InVision for User Experience and Business Requirement
 fulfillment. 
- Develop application using React + Redux + React-Router + Webpack + Babel.
- Provide support in building out backend Rails API and RESTful API architecture. As well support
 in development environments (Vagrant) and  deployment into AWS.

Front End Web Developer at ASUS North America
February 2016  -  February 2017  (1 year 1 month)

Create sites of online campaigns, maintain in house applications, and develop WordPress sites for
 news blogging and an internal e-commerce portal.

- Develop/maintain sites using HTML5, CSS3(Sass), JavaScript, Bootstrap, Grunt/Gulp,
 WordPress, AngularJS, Bower, NPM, and Git. Support existing ASP.net, PHP, and MySQL/MS
 SQL applications.
- Manage development projects and scheduling
- Work with different marketing sub departments and design team on site development, design
 direction, and user experience input.

- Create Quarterly Business Reviews containing site analytics, visual representation models, and
 site feedback to enhance user experience and better understand user audience. 

Front End Web Developer at Incentive Networks
August 2013  -  February 2016  (2 years 7 months)

Develop responsive web sites within proprietary Content Mangement System for online loyalty
 programs. 
 
-Create custom JavaScript, jQuery widgets, and script library.
-Develop sites using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, and mobile frameworks.
-Test for cross browser and iOS/Android mobile device compatibility .
-Provide mobile and responsive development consulting to marketing team and fellow development
 team.
-Develop flexible dynamic parent templates that can be restyled according to 
client needs as child templates.

UX/Front End Web Developer Intern at Volumebee
May 2013  -  July 2013  (3 months)

Rebranding and developing current website and mobile application for Volumebee.com, to focus on
 the new product and services.

Responsibilities:
-Provide UI/UX architecture, consulting, usability, and development to manager, marketing team
 and fellow development team.
-Create detailed mockups using Photoshop 
-Create functional prototypes for desktop and mobile devices.
-Develop site using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery on PHPStorm.
-Implement Responsive Web Design for full site compatibility.
-Troubleshoot and fix any site issues for Cross Browser/Device Compatibility.

Technology Associate at EDMC
October 2011  -  July 2013  (1 year 10 months)

Use of Microsoft 2010 Outlook, Excel, and Word. Monitoring and controlling distribution of video,
 audio,
software, and animation equipment to students and faculty. Customer service and tier one tech
 support
for Windows, Macintosh, and computer peripherals.

Seasonal Design Associate & Quality Control at Minted
November 2012  -  December 2012  (2 months)

Proofing online orders from customers using Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign. Making
 necessary adjustments to various orders for highest customer satisfaction.

Education
Free Code Camp
Full Stack Web Development Certification, Computer Software Engineering, 2016 - 2017
The Art Institute of California-San Francisco
Bachelor's degree, Web Page, Digital/Multimedia and Information Resources Design, 2011 - 2013
Activities and Societies:  Photo Club - Officer, The Society of Web Artists and Programmers
 (S.W.A.P.) - Officer
ITT Technical Institute-Dayton
Associate of Science (AS), Design and Visual Communications, General, 2008 - 2010

William S. Fuller
San Francisco Bay Area
Front End Engineer

1 person has recommended William S.

"For the time I worked with William I saw his work to be exemplary. The attention to detail was
coupled with follow through that included communicating to companies outside of Incentive
Networks to ensure a polished product that all parties agreed on. I have no hesitation with
recommending William and I hope I'm lucky enough to work with him in the future."
—David Evans, Operations Engineer,  A9,  worked with William S. at Incentive Networks

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

