Xiao Cai
San Francisco Bay Area
Machine Learning Engineer at Uber

Summary
I am interested in designing prototype machine learning, data mining algorithm as well as
 implementing code to transfer the research algorithm to the real application & product. 

I have published 15 full papers in top artificial intelligence conference and journal papers during my
 Ph. D. study with more than 1000 citations according to Google scholar, including,
Computer Vison: 1 paper in CVPR, 2 papers in ICCV, 1 paper ECCV, 
Data Mining: 1 paper in SIGKDD, 2 papers in ICDM,
Medical Image Analysis: 1 paper in MICCAI,, 1 paper in ISMB.
Machine learning: 1 paper in NIPS, 2 papers in IJCAI, 1 paper in ECML, 1 paper in AAAI 

Keywords: Image feature extraction, SIFT, HOG, GIST, CENTRIST, Color moment, Local binary
 pattern (LBP), motion segmentation, 
regression, large scale feature learning, clustering, semi-supervised learning, sparse learning, logistic
 regression, SVM, SVR, multi-modal(multi-view) learning, transfer learning. recommendation system,
 collaborative filtering, information retrieval, convex optimization，deep learning (CNN, RNN and etc)

Software development : 
version control: Git, SVN, TFS 
OS: Windows, Linux, OSX 
IDE: MS visual studio, Eclipse, IntelliJ
Product Language: C/C++, Java, 
Scripts Language: Shell, Python, Matlab
Big data: Hive, Spark, Hadoop 

I am looking for research scientist, data scientist or data software engineering jobs related to big data,
 data mining, machine learning, information retrieval, computer vision and statistical learning.

Experience
Software Engineer II at Uber
April 2016  -  Present  (1 year 7 months)

Machine learning, data mining research and application in routing, ETA, map navigation

Research Software Engineer II at Abbott
August 2013  -  March 2016  (2 years 8 months)

working on image based artificial intelligence hematology device for point of care:
(1) designing prototype computer vision algorithm for cell shape and texture feature extraction;
(2) designing prototype machine learning algorithm for large scale cell classification, clustering,
 abnormality detection;
(3) designing prototype machine learning algorithm for feature selection and feature learning;
(4) implementing product code using C++
(5) version control using both SVN and TFS
(6) unit testing

Graduate research assistant and Ph.D. Candidate at University of Texas at Arlington, computer
science department, computational science lab
August 2009  -  November 2013  (4 years 4 months)

Research interest: machine learning, computer vision, data mining, medical image analysis.

systematically studied machine learning and published 14 full research papers in the top machine
 learning, data mining and computer vision international journals and conferences with more than
 250 citations. For detail information, please refer to my Google Scholar and dblp pages 

http://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=YtDC7VUAAAAJ

http://www.informatik.uni-trier.de/~ley/pers/hd/c/Cai:Xiao

Research Intern at Abbott Point of Care
May 2012  -  December 2012  (8 months)

(1) Design classification algorithm for the White Blood Cell classification using Matlab;
(2) Design new visual features to describe the shape and texture of the cells using Matlab
(3) Implement the algorithm in C++ on Windows platform. 
(4) Version control via team foundation server. 
(5) system optimization using Intel IPP library. 
(6) Unit test

intern system programming engineering at Abbott Laboratories
January 2009  -  August 2009  (8 months)

-develop and test the camera calibration algorithm, find out the calibration methods to remove
 shading and DSNU and PRNU of the CMOS and CCD cameras.
- Design and implement NUnit based unit testing framework for in-house image processing and
 classification libraries.
- Manage version control using SVN (with apache server).

- Support product software regular built and testing.
- Develop and test C++ code using Intel IPP library for image preprocessing program performance
 optimization
Design SVM classification framework

intern hardware testing at Siemens
January 2007  -  April 2007  (4 months)

-Read the technological books on the IP data communication and collected abundant market
 information about routers as well as Ethernet switches information

-testing routers

Education
The University of Texas at Arlington
Ph.D., Computer Science, 2009 - 2013
New Jersey Institute of Technology
MSEE, signal and image processing, 2007 - 2008
Tianjin University
bachelor of engineering, electrical engineering, 2003 - 2007
The Experimental High School Attached to Beijing Normal University
high school

Xiao Cai
San Francisco Bay Area
Machine Learning Engineer at Uber

2 people have recommended Xiao

"Xiao has solid knowledge and research experience in machine learning and feature extractions.
He is a major contributor in developing our image based blood cell classification system. He is a
quick learner and enthusiatic in solving difficult real-world problems."
—Changhua Yu, Sr. Principal Engineer,  Abbott,  managed Xiao at Abbott Point of Care

"I couldn't thank Xiao more for his tremendous contributions to our project. About two years ago,
we worked on a problem which was crucial to the success of the project and Xiao spent just a a
few days including the weekends to implement a working module in our prototype. Over a few more
weeks, he worked to fine tuning the module to yield results that help us to pass a major milestone.
Currently some results from his work are included as part of our product development. During his
internship with our team, Xiao also worked on several other parts of our projects and delivered very
satisfying results. Xiao is also very easy-going and very fun to work with. I highly recommend him
to work in any team that his expertise matches the requirement and I would definitely want to work
with him again."
—Zhizhou Wang, Software Developer,  Bloomberg,  managed Xiao indirectly at Abbott Laboratories

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

