Yashwanth Gazula
Greater New York City Area
Mobile iOS Engineer at TripAdvisor

Summary
Pragmatic software engineer with native iOS development experience. Having a knack for design,
 I create software with user in mind with a useable and intuitive user interface experience. I follow
 object-oriented software construction to create highly readable and easy to maintain source code.
 I am strong self learner with a desire to stay highly informed on best practices and latest mobile
 application developments.

NOTABLE APPS
Scan N’ Say, 
A simple reference and educational app for iOS that pronounces the word entered or scanned with
 camera. Implemented with third party OCR framework and inbuilt speech engine.
URL: http://goo.gl/q2zBNB

VeeV, Adeptech Systems Inc.
An iOS, watchOS and Android fashion app that keeps track of users belongings by visual search
 approach. Also developed REST web services using NodeJS.
URL: http://goo.gl/H8fYUL

WAD Console, Cinet Inc. 
A lightweight enterprise application for iPad that communicates with Wireless Audio Distributor (WAD)
 server and functions as a remote. Also helped building private framework for communicating with the
 server.
URL: http://goo.gl/F1pwHn

WAD, Cinet Inc. 
Wireless Audio Distributor (WAD), an entertainment app that allows users to stream audio, which is
 transmitted via LAN. Also developed custom advertisement framework with RESTful web services
 built using ProcessWire.
URL: http://goo.gl/yKIAP2

GameSound, Game Sound LLC
URL: http://goo.gl/6biRyV

SKILLS
Languages: Objective-C, JavaScript, Java, Swift, PHP, C, HTML, CSS

Technologies: Cocoa Touch, WatchKit, Android SDK, SVN, Git

IDE: Xcode, Eclipse, Android Studio, Atom

Web Servers: NodeJS, Apache, MAMP, Parse

CMS: WordPress, Joomla, Processwire

Design: Sketch, Photoshop, Illustrator, Dreamweaver, Flash, After Effects

Experience
Software Engineer at TripAdvisor
January 2017  -  Present  (10 months)

iOS Software Engineer at Adeptech Systems Inc
June 2015  -  December 2016  (1 year 7 months)

• Performed in a Lead developer role for VeeV, a fashion app with visual recognition technology.
• Involved in entire app life cycle –concept, design, development, testing and release to App Store.
• Designed UI/UX using Sketch, Illustrator and prototype in Keynote, InVision.
• Built custom transitions, categories using Core Graphics and Core Animation frameworks for
 intuitive user interactions.
• Efficient use of SQLite with SQLCipher extension to manage and encrypt app data.
• Scaled up the project with several libraries (e.g. GCM for push notifications and Answers for
 analytics) using CocoaPods dependency manager.
• Involved in development of RESTful web services using Node.js.

Mobile Application Developer at Cinet.com
June 2014  -  September 2014  (4 months)

• Performed in a Lead developer role for Wireless Audio Distributor (WAD), an audio app that
 allows users to stream audio transmitted via LAN. WAD Console, a lightweight enterprise
 application for iPad that communicates with WAD server and functions as a remote.
• Designed and developed WAD Console app from the ground up. 
• Helped building private C++ framework for communicating with LAN server.
• Redesigned the WAD app adapting UI to then new flat iOS 7 design and added new audio
 functionalities.

• Reduced application size and memory footprint by 90%.
• Involved in developing custom advertisement framework with RESTful web services built using
 ProcessWire.

Education
George Mason University
Master's Degree, Computer Engineering, 2013 - 2015
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
Bachelor's Degree, ECE, 2009 - 2013
Activities and Societies:  VIBGYOR Volunteer

Yashwanth Gazula
Greater New York City Area
Mobile iOS Engineer at TripAdvisor

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

