Yinan Fang
San Francisco Bay Area
Full Stack Engineer at TripAdvisor

Summary
Knowledge & Experience:
iOS Development - Objective-C, Xcode
Enterprise Web Application - Java, C#, HTML, JavaScript(jQuery) ,CSS, Eclipse
Other Web Application - Python (Django)
Database - MySQL, SQLite
Mobile and Web UI Design - Photoshop, Illustrator
Linux Administration
Network

Bring a more innovative mind to software development.

Experience
Software Engineer at TripAdvisor
June 2016  -  Present  (1 year 5 months)
• Full-Stack Engineer on the SEO team
• Increased servlet referral rates by approximately 8% with json-ld structured data markup for
 search results with Rich Cards & Rich Snippet on desktop and mobile web. Architected and built
 new specialized code structures for accessing and displaying massive data sets, replacing legacy
 code.
• Raised servlet traffic by 8.8% annually with one of the new On-Page-Factor keyword. Prototyped
 and tested new implementations for various On-Page-Factor keywords.
• Improved sitemap generator accuracy by 3%. Maintained specialized data structures for storing
 and accessing massive data sets, processing billions of URLs.
• Built a unified and centralized generation factory for breadcrumb and masthead using Java and
 DustJS to improve performance and flexibility. Refactored and deprecated legacy code for over 30
 servlets.
• Drove up the test coverage from 20% to 60% for iOS deep linking continuous integration in
 Jenkins. The tests were previously suspended for several months due to continual failures.
• Sped up one of the property info request APIs flow by 2X when working native API optimization.
Collaborated with engineers and PMs from 4 offices in 3 time zones.

Web Developer at Communication for Health Applications & Interventions (CHAI)

February 2015  -  May 2016  (1 year 4 months)

• Implemented a backend PHP RESTful API that accesses Twilio API for SMS and MMS & voice
 call in the cloud. Used PDO to log all requests and conversations in a MySQL database. 
• Built a front-end admin tool calling the Twilio API and logs querying with HTML5 Web Component,
 AngularJS, Bootstrap.
• Adapted PDF generator tool for the most recent newsletters
• Explored options for building a health researcher website. Tried WordPressOpenShift WES, Java
 with Struts2.

iOS Developer Intern at Pebble Tech
May 2015  -  August 2015  (4 months)

• Implemented a first party and third party Bluetooth Voice API on iOS using Nuance voice
 recognition cloud service. Collected voice samples from the Pebble watch with Bluetooth binary
 protocol message and tested with OGG format conversion. Created an on-boarding language
 selection workflow integrated with Dependency Injection framework. Added support for analytics
 report for Keen Client.
• Developed a Reverse Contact Lookup prototype using Apple Push Notification Service (APNS)
 content and distributed the prototype by HockeyApp. 
• Implemented several features, such as enabling collection of startup crash report for HockeyApp,
 allowing watch application side-load without watch connection. Updated legacy codebases and
 fixed bugs, such as CoreData & Mantle model parsing error, Local Notification frequency error.
• Extensive use of third-party library: AFNetworking, ReactiveCocoa, Mantle, Kiwi (BDD
 framework).

Research Assistant at Department of Computer Science, UNC - Chapel Hill
May 2014  -  July 2015  (1 year 3 months)

• Contributed in the Low Latency Project that reduces head-mounted virtual reality device latency
 for more than 60%.
• Implemented a 3D calibration program using OpenGL in C# for camera calibration.
• Developed an Arduino-PC USB communication program with C++.

Web Application Developer at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
June 2014  -  August 2014  (3 months)

• Designed and built a new theme with CSS to reuse Remedy production server built in last 15
 years.
• Built an Email-In Client with C# to enable automatic Remedy ticket creation and update of more
 than 4000 emails with attachments per second.

Web Application Developer, Summer Intern at Beiming Software Co. Ltd
May 2013  -  August 2013  (4 months)

• Worked on Python and Django web framework and completed NC Tree Hole project on
 WebFaction Linux server with front-end technics like CSS, jQuery.
• Joined the Internal Research Team and got to know the basic development components of typical
 products, including web framework (Spring framework and MVC), design (Dreamweaver), user
 interface (easyUI), and database (SQL).
• Participated in a yearlong government database redesign project team in Solution Department.
 Designed web interface and database structure after communicating with customers using
 incubator.

Personal Finance Department Summer Intern at China Construction Bank
July 2010  -  August 2010  (2 months)

• Assisted in organizing an annual social event for VIP customers. Helped contact managers in
 different department and distribute event files and VIP packages for 12 local bank branches.
• Reviewed 20 account profiles of VIP customers to reduce mistakes before annual inspection.

Education
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
Bachelor of Science (BS), Computer, 2012 - 2016

Yinan Fang
San Francisco Bay Area
Full Stack Engineer at TripAdvisor

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

