Yunhong Xu
Greater New York City Area
Software Engineer(Android) at TripAdvisor

Experience
Software Engineer at TripAdvisor
September 2017  -  Present  (2 months)

Software Developer at iFormBuilder by Zerion Software, Inc. - Mobile Data Collection Platform for iOS
and Android
March 2015  -  September 2017  (2 years 7 months)

Developed new features (Bluetooth printing, single sign on, preserve image metadata, google map
integration, username/password encryption and database encryption) into company’s android
 platform iFormBuilder client app, identified and solved complex coding problems as well.

Developed an Android customer app SmartCat Capture, and released in google play in September
 2016. This application used NFC (Near Field Capture) technique to read/write NFC tag, and was
 integrated with Manatee SDK and UHF RFID SDK to read Barcode and RFID tag.

Worked both independently and collaboratively on writing instrumented/unit tests, fixing bugs and
 updating application’s function based on customer request.

Performed code maintenance/bugs fixing for company’s mobile product on both Android and iOS
 platforms.

Android Developer at Insystech
June 2014  -  February 2015  (9 months)

Redesigned application user interfaces using XML; re-wrote all in-app functions and updated
 structure.

Implemented signature and photo capture functions, created client API to submit image data back
 to server.

Dispatched application beta release and tracked crash information through Crashlytics, which is a
 light weight, real-time crash reporting and security tool for both Android and iOS platforms.

Followed Agile development methodologies and learned Android development technology.

Education
The George Washington University
Master's degree, Computer Science, 2013 - 2015
Beihang University
Bachelor's degree, Applied Mathematics, 2010 - 2012
Beihang University
Bachelor's degree, Electrical and Electronics Engineering, 2008 - 2012
Activities and Societies:  Volunteer in the Parade of 60th Anniversary of National Day. Volunteer in
 Beijing Environment Protection Bureau.

Yunhong Xu
Greater New York City Area
Software Engineer(Android) at TripAdvisor

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

