Yuxuan Liu
Greater Los Angeles Area
Student at University of California, Irvine

Summary
Actively looking for full time software development position. 

Experience
Software Engineer at Thales
July 2017  -  Present  (4 months)

Troubleshooting and debugging the whole in-flight entertainment system on network, hardware and
 connection issues.
Developing the internal tool for system configuration management using Java Spring framework.

Software Engineer Internship at U9GAME
June 2016  -  September 2016  (4 months)

Developed an inner company web application in PHP for data management and game
 maintenances.
Developed the detection tool to prevent the illegal plugins from the client side in the mobile game.

Physics Laboratory Teaching Assistant at UC Irvine
September 2015  -  January 2016  (5 months)

Helped students have better understandings to materials covered by professor on physical theories.

Software Engineer Internship at Intel Corporation
July 2015  -  September 2015  (3 months)

Reproduced and debugged in graphical visualization team, fixed two bugs and analyzed four root
 causes related to GPU drivers.
Set up environments for developers and sharing working experiences with new hired employees
 and interns.

Event Planner at Global China Connection
February 2014  -  September 2015  (1 year 8 months)

Figuring out the budget for each events and providing interactive communication through different
 departments.

Project Management Intern at Singa Technology
August 2014  -  September 2014  (2 months)

Project management internship in a development team for a commercial website, provided potential
 solutions and kept tracking the process of two new features.
Assisted manager to assignment features and bugs to developers. Cooperated with outsourced
 team and made schedules for future plans.

Education
UC Irvine
Bachelor's degree, Computer Science, 2013 - 2017
Activities and Societies:  Information & Computer Science Student Council

Yuxuan Liu
Greater Los Angeles Area
Student at University of California, Irvine

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

