Zachary Sweigart
San Francisco Bay Area
Android Engineer at Uber

Summary
Dedicated and driven software engineer who values architecture and process in the production of
 high quality applications.  I base my work on years of development experience with school projects,
 internships and now as a full-time Android developer.  Additionally, having studied in Carnegie
 Mellon's software engineering program, I have learned about software design, processes for
 software development, and methods for improving quality which I have implemented at Yodle to
 improve both the effectiveness and quality of the work done there.

Experience
Software Engineer at Uber
August 2016  -  Present  (1 year 3 months)

Lead Android Developer at HotSchedules
January 2016  -  July 2016  (7 months)

Added a Sqlite database with OrmLite to allow offline edits for the task list, and made task list
 operations asynchronous
Configured the applications to allow for Junit and Robolectric automated tests to be run on builds
Rewrote several modules to be more maintainable and testable according to the passive mvc
 pattern
Built a module to create form inputs in a material design style using a builder pattern to unify the UX
 of the app

Android Developer at Yodle
December 2014  -  December 2015  (1 year 1 month)

Added functionality, refactored code provided by a contractor, and white-labeled the Service Task
 app as the Lighthouse app.
Developed a package for quickly building user input forms based on the Android recyclerview
 component.
Designed and developed REST API endpoints with the Java Play 1.3 framework for the Service
 Task application.
Built the Marketing Essentials prototype app and a barcode scanner extension to Lighthouse in
 internal hack-a-thons

Provided training on testing methods, Android basics and helped plan agile processes training and
 policies

Android Developer at Atomic Axis
August 2014  -  November 2014  (4 months)

I gathered requirements, created architecture and developed Android applications.  I architected
 a framework for location-based applications which was used to build versions of two internal
 projects, Georgia Safe Streets and Texas Landmarks in less than 3 weeks each.  I implemented a
 code-review process in the company to reduce defects found in testing and production, which lead
 to a 75% decrease in reported crashes in the Android apps developed afterwards.

Engineering Intern at MAYA Design
May 2014  -  August 2014  (4 months)

As an engineering intern I participated in requirements gathering sessions, discussed feasibility of
 designs, and built prototypes of software applications.

I built a prototype Android application to demonstrate the capabilities of the MTConnect protocol.
I built a web-application prototype for an application which was meant to display numerical data.

Rainbow Self-Adaptive Systems UI Framework at Carnegie Mellon University
January 2014  -  August 2014  (8 months)

As my practicum project for the MSIT-SE program in the School of Computer Science, I am working
 on developing a UI framework for the Rainbow Self-Adaptive Systems research project.  For this
 project I am the team's project manager, but all members will also be working as developers and
 testers.

President at University of Pittsburgh Chinese Martial Arts Association
May 2012  -  August 2013  (1 year 4 months)

Instructed and assisted students in various forms of kung fu

Software Developer Intern at Federated Investors, Inc.
July 2011  -  August 2013  (2 years 2 months)

Designed UML Models in Visual Paradigm application
Designed, coded, and tested Android application for remote control of dual axis motor; Tested and
 debugged application during final stage of development
Designed and implemented website for tracking employee business activity
Fixed existing problems and enhanced company-wide budgeting application

Information Technician at University of Pittsburgh
May 2010  -  August 2010  (4 months)

Performed weekly updates to the University of Pittsburgh’s Bioengineering webpage 
Repaired and upgraded hardware and applications for employee’s PC’s 

Maintained local network of computers and related devices

Education
Carnegie Mellon University
MSIT-SE, Computer Software Engineering, 2013 - 2014
Activities and Societies:  MSELi - The Master's of Software Engineering Leadership Initiative
University of Pittsburgh
Bachelors of Science, Computer Engineering, 2009 - 2013
Lebanon Valley College
General Studies, 2008 - 2009

Zachary Sweigart
San Francisco Bay Area
Android Engineer at Uber

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

