Zach Dischner
Greater Denver Area
Software Development Engineer at Amazon

Summary
Endlessly curious, thrilled by sensible systems and clean implementation, daunted only by
 stagnation. 

I love the fast paced and dynamic world of software development, and have been actively working
 to incorporate it's aspects into Aerospace Engineering. The industry constantly achieves the
 improbable, but often with out-of-date tools and methodologies. I would love to see a revolution
 industry-wide that mirrors modern companies like SpaceX. 

I'm an Aerospace engineer by education, but work heavily in electronics and software. I've built small
 web sites, database-driven processing suites, flight software for high altitude balloon observatories,
 and countless other projects. I get a kick out of solid, sensible workflows and bringing ideas from
 concept to production. 

Programming/development - C/C++, Python, R, MATLAB, Bash, IDL, Ruby on Rails, HTML, Ansys
 FEM, Linux, and some experience with Perl. 

Example applications - My favorite: built a closed loop motion stabilization with fine-steering mirror/
orthogonal transfer CCD. Achieved state-of-the-art fine pointing from a high-altitutde-balloon gondola.
 Involved high speed image acquisition and analysis from Andor Zyla, Princeton Instruments ProEM
+ scientific cameras. OS level interfaces with stepper motors, digital and analog sensing, DAC/ADC
 boards, local networks. Database driven processing suites in MATLAB, Python, and IDL. 

Electronics - Custom PCBs, Analog and Digital design/interfaces, cabling, and debugging
 methodology. Most notably, I was the main designer of a custom CMOS imaging system, with ground
 up design starting from just the sensor.

Currently working on: Writing Mission Operations Center and planning software for the CYGNSS
 constellation, sequencer and tool developer for the New Horizons mission, BOPPS UVVis instrument
 lead software engineer, contribute to open source software projects.

Current learning goals involve data science and machine learning, what an awesome new field!

Experience
Software Development Engineer at Amazon
July 2017  -  Present  (4 months)

Electronics and Software Engineer at Southwest Research Institute
March 2013  -  January 2017  (3 years 11 months)

I am a do-it-all software and electronics engineer for the Southwest Research Institute. Among
 my bigger roles was as a lead instrument software engineer on the BRRISON/BOPPS mission.
 I wrote balloon flight software and integrated electronics/CDH hardware for its science missions.
 Programming in C++, Python, Matlab, and SQL. I have experience creating custom interfaces
 between computer hardware and scientific cameras, motors, analog and digital sensing and control
 interfaces, and data downlinking and uplinking perhiperals. 

Currently, my big project is creating a constellation mission planning system with Python, STK,
 Scheduler, and ITOS for the CYGNSS mission. In creating a Mission Operations Center (MOC)
 for the constellation of spacecraft, I have been the go-to software patcher and integrator, working
 every aspect of the MOC from project CM/Documentation, JIRA Agile PM tool integration, CCSDS
 packet processing and L0 data pipelines, and MOC digital infrastructure management. 

In addition, I served as a sequencer for the New Horizons Pluto flyby, and help create software
 tools to support the mission. 

I have lead the installation, IT management, and incorporation of Owncloud, Gitlab, Atlassian
 Jira, Stash, and Confluence cloud services at the Institute. In addition, I am leading an effort
 to incorporate Agile project management methodologies and tools into day-to-day engineering
 practice.  

Photographer at Zach Dischner Photography
August 2010  -  January 2016  (5 years 6 months)

High resolution nature and landscape photos, portraits, and commercial shoots.

Freelance Photographer at Airbnb
April 2011  -  March 2015  (4 years)

Travel to sites and document locations for rent. Architectural and interior shoots. Photos used in
 AirBnB website.

Data Processing Technician at LASP
February 2011  -  January 2014  (3 years)

Involved in updating and maintenance of production code for LASP's AIM project. Some
 requirements are the ability to work with NetCDF files, unix systems, PostgreSQL, MySQL, and

 Sybase databases and managing their JDBC connections, as well as the distribution of public and
 private research data.

Electronics and Systems Engineering at Southwest Research Institute
August 2011  -  April 2013  (1 year 9 months)

Working in a team to build a prototype Star Tracker for diurnal operation on a balloon platform,
 capable of providing 0.1 arcsecond accurate pointing knowledge in nighttime, and 1.0 in daytime.·

Check out the newly minted website which goes into more technical and visual detail. http://
daystarengineering.wordpress.com/

 Multidisciplinary  system  integration  and  testing  of  electronics,  software,  and  optical 
 hardware. Main responsibilities were in electronic design and testing, software, and system
 integration and testing.     
                  
Deliverables  include  drafting  of  requirements,  PDD,  PDR,  CDD,  CDR  documents.  Within  are 
 system and  subsystem  trade  studies,  cost  &  risk  analysis,  and  final  requirements  verification
  report.

Thermal analysis, testing, and verification also performed in preparation for balloon launch.

Successful launch and test flight, ensuing postprocessing of images with Python and MySQL.

Aerospace Laboratory Assistant at University of Colorado Boulder
May 2011  -  June 2012  (1 year 2 months)

Test and redesign equipment used for laboratory experiments for the CU Aerospace Department.

Lead Imaging and Electronics Engineer-DayStar Capstone Design at University of Colorado Boulder
August 2011  -  May 2012  (10 months)

Designed, tested, and integrated PCB components for a high-performance imaging system. 

It was a requirements-driven-design process.

Job Foreman and Manual Laboror at Egress Inc
May 2005  -  March 2011  (5 years 11 months)

Participate in, and oversee the time constrained installation of new Egress code-compliant windows
 and wells. Includes management of personnel and sub-contractors for the excavation, removal and
 installation of windows and wells.

CNC Machinist/Assistant at Extreme Swiss
2006  -  2009  (3 years)

Maintained, ran, and programmed CNC mills, lathes, and swiss turns

Education
Udacity
Nanodegree, Data Science, 2017 - 2017
Coursera
Introduction to Machine Learning, 2016 - 2016
University of Colorado
Masters/Bachelors, Aerospace  Engineering; Electrical  Engineering, 2008 - 2013
BS
BS, Aerospace Engineering, 2008 - 2012
University of Colorado Boulder
BS, Aerospace, 2008 - 2012
Activities and Societies:  Hiking Club, Alpine Club, Backcountry club, Photography club, Phi Sigma Pi
 honors fraternity, Boulder Freeride.

Zach Dischner
Greater Denver Area
Software Development Engineer at Amazon

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

