Zeyao Yang
Greater New York City Area
Software Engineer

Summary
I am a Software Engineer with experience and a focus on software engineering and designing/
developing applications. Analytical Engineer with a proven track record of excelling at learning
 new technologies and successfully applying them to develop clean and well-structured code.
 Experienced at working on projects from initial idea and development phase (vision/analysis),
 performing design/architecture work and delivering the completed product. Self-disciplined, highly
 organized professional with the ability to thrive in high-paced environments. Outstanding presentation
 and communication skills and works exceptionally well within a team environment and individually.
 Exceptional academic qualifications, including a Master of Science in Computer Science from
 Indiana University Bloomington (2015). Superior analytical, time management, collaboration and
 problem-solving skills.

I look forward to meeting you!  You can reach me at email patrickyang1127@gmail.com.

Experience
Software Engineer at TripAdvisor
2015  -  2017  (2 years)

Research Assistant at Indiana University Bloomington
August 2014  -  May 2015  (10 months)

• Analyzed millions of tweets using Python, and found tweets with positive sentiment can attract
 more retweets and favorites while it usually took longer to get first retweet.
• Classified hashtags according to their development pattern, and found positive tweets were a
 better indicator for the development pattern of hashtags.
• Reconstructed users’ home timeline using Twitter API and found people are more likely to publish
 tweets with as same sentiment as their followees.
• Published two papers as co-first author, which were reported by 13 media sources.

Associate Instructor at Indiana University Bloomington
September 2013  -  June 2014  (10 months)

• Helped the professor with the course preparation for CSCI A110 (Introduction to Computers and
 Computing).

• Increased comfort and competence level of students in programming by providing constructive
 feedback and guidance while grading assignments and lab work.

Education
Indiana University Bloomington
Master of Science (MS), Computer Science, 2013 - 2015
Activities and Societies:  Volunteer of ACM Web Science 2014 Conference
Jilin University
Bachelor's degree, Computer Science, 2009 - 2013
Activities and Societies:  Vice President – Student Society Union of College of Computer Science and
 Tech, Vice Minister – Students Union of College of Computer Science and Technology, Key Member
 – Students Union of Jilin University, Excellent Trainee – China Telecom Corporation.

Zeyao Yang
Greater New York City Area
Software Engineer

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

