Zhao Chen
San Francisco Bay Area
Deep Learning Research for Computer Vision @ Magic Leap

Summary
I am currently a Deep Learning researcher at Magic Leap, working on computer vision deep learning
 problems and applying them to the realm of mixed reality. Before that, I worked independently and
 at various companies on diverse machine learning topics, from autonomous driving to natural text
 understanding to medical imaging. I am also a recent Physics PhD graduate of Stanford University,
 where I wrote my dissertation on magnetic X-Ray spectroscopy and free electron laser simulations. 

Experience
Senior Software Engineer, Deep Learning at Magic Leap
August 2017  -  Present  (3 months)

Deep learning research in computer vision for mixed reality applications as part of Magic Leap's
 Advanced Technologies team.

Researcher in Physics at SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory
February 2012  -  August 2017  (5 years 7 months)

- Did pioneering work for developing nonlinear spectroscopy for solids at a free electron laser
 source. Performed statistical simulations (matlab, mathematica, python) of ultra-intense X-
Ray pulses produced at FELs and their interactions with solid samples. Worked on extracting
 meaningful information from large, statistically noisy (200Tb+) X-Ray/particle accelrator data sets. 

**

- Ultrasensitive data acquisition at a synchrotron to image magnetic dynamics in copper nanopillars.
 Experience with electronics and development of fast data pipelines that push measurement
 sensitivites beyond state-of-the-art levels. Analysis of real-space images in python.

Teaching Assistant, Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Recognition (cs231n@Stanford) at
Stanford University
April 2017  -  June 2017  (3 months)

Teaching assistant for the best deep learning course in the world (completely unbiased opinion). 

Machine Learning Consultant at Beehive AI
January 2017  -  May 2017  (5 months)

Machine Learning consultant (part-time) for applications of deep learning in natural language
 processing. 

Independent Research in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and Big Data at Stanford University
2014  -  2017  (3 years)

- Developed modern gaming AI based only on supervised learning on visual gameplay data.
 Used state-of-the-art computer vision techniques, including deep convolutional neural networks/
recurrent neural networks. Demonstrated a fully end-to-end AI for Super Smash Bros. which runs in
 real-time and is competitive with pre-existing AI, despite having no back-end access to the game
 environment.

- Worked in a variety of languages/packages to deliver a fully interactive AI demonstration which
 runs on GPU: python, theano/lasagne/CUDA, matlab, C++.

- Selected to present work as a spotlight talk in Stanford's course on Convolutional Neural Networks
 (Winter 2016).

**

- Produced a model for segmentation of glioblastoma brain tumors in MRI scans that performed on
 par or better than the state-of-the-art. Implemented 3D-convolutional networks with fixed weights
 and artificial neural networks, along with other machine learning segmentation methods (SVM,
 KNN, etc.) for comparison. Code written in matlab.

- Awarded best project in the life sciences in Stanford's Machine Learning course (Autumn 2015).

**

Various other projects and experience applying both classical and state-of-the-art machine learning
 and data mining methods: random forest, SVM, smoothing splines/GAMs, boosting trees, GLMs,
 PCA, bayesian methods. Most work done in a combination of python, R, and matlab.

Machine Learning Software Intern at NVIDIA
October 2016  -  December 2016  (3 months)

Deep Learning Applied Research group. Research into novel neural network architectures for use
 in computer vision and autonomous driving, especially in the context of multitask learning. All work
 done in TensorFlow/python. Results presented at GTC2017.

Teaching Assistant in Mathematics at Harvard University
September 2008  -  May 2011  (2 years 9 months)

Courses Taught:

- Sets, Groups and Topology (under Professor Clifford Taubes, 2011)
- Honors Linear Algebra and Real Analysis I (under Professor Benedict Gross, 2010)
- Abstract Algebra II: Theory of Rings and Fields (under Professor Barry Mazur, 2010)
- Abstract Algebra I: Theory of Groups and Vector Spaces (under Professor Barry Mazur, 2009)
- Linear Algebra and Real Analysis II (under Dr. Paul Bamberg, 2009)
- Linear Algebra and Real Analysis I (under Dr. Paul Bamberg, 2008)

Researcher in Physics at Harvard University
2010  -  2011  (1 year)

Electromagnetic simulations in matlab/mathematica on how matter can self-organize in a lattice
 given appropriate light-matter interactions. 

Researcher in Physics at The University of Tokyo
June 2010  -  September 2010  (4 months)

Constructed an amplified laser system to be used in a laser trapping and cooling system for
 an optical lattice atomic clock. Worked with state-of-the-art tabletop laser systems and optical
 components. 

Researcher in Mathematics at William & Mary
June 2009  -  August 2009  (3 months)

Research done as part of an REU (Research Experience for Undergraduates) program. Classified
 graphs according to their eigenvalue spectra, focusing on graphs that admit Hermitian matrices
 with eigenbases that only contain two distinct eigenvalues. Proved novel sufficient and necessary
 conditions for such graphs to exist, and also developed new constructive processes by which
 graphs with desired properties can be built. Rigorously proved a theorem that classifies all graphs
 for which one of the two resultant multiplicities is 2. Results published in Linear Algebra and its
 Applications. 

Education
Stanford University
Doctor of Philosophy Minor (PMn), Statistics, 2014 - 2017
Stanford University
Doctor of Philosophy (PhD), Physics, 2012 - 2017
Stanford University
Master of Science (M.S.), Physics, 2015 - 2015
Harvard University
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.), Physics and Mathematics, 2007 - 2011
Activities and Societies:  Phi Beta Kappa, Harvard ExperiMentors, Educational Studies Program at
 Harvard, Harvard Ballroom Dancing Team

Zhao Chen
San Francisco Bay Area
Deep Learning Research for Computer Vision @ Magic Leap

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/22/2017—View by Shane Ong

