Zohaib Iqbal
San Francisco Bay Area
• Telephony/Modem Test Consultant @ Google • wireless technologies & programming
"ENTHUSIAST"

Summary
* Proven Radio Frequency (RF) QA Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the
 Telecommunications industry. 
* Strong engineering professional with a focus in Telephony/Modem testing alongside exposure in
 computer networking, problem solving, and automation.
* Experienced working on Radio Access Technologies such as (UMTS), (LTE), (IMS), (CDMA),
 (RCS), (Vo/Vi-LTE) both in Field (Live) and Lab test environment (worked on simulators such as
 Anritsu, Spirent, Agilent, R&S). 
* Ability to oversee changes and support my team while ensuring timely completion of project
 deadlines in quick-turnaround settings with accuracy and efficiency. 
* Leverage technical know-how on hardware setup/configuration to provide dev/test support, when
 needed.
* Creative, flexible, reliable with good interpersonal skills across departments, management levels
 within the company, as well as with clients (when needed for Lab Certifications).

Experience
Telephony/Modem Test Engineer - Nexus/Pixel at Google
September 2015  -  Present  (2 years 2 months)

Location: California -> Nexus Smartphones/Tablets
* Take up leadership responsibilities by delagating tasks to the team, solving setup and testing
 issues, and getting the work done in a timely manner with quality.
• Test daily software builds on all Telephony features on all Android based Nexus devices related to
 the yearly update.
• Test Emergency E911 tests on all Android based Nexus devices on Anritsu 8475 RF Simulator.
• Run Power management tests (manual/automation) using a power tool on all Android based
 Nexus devices and provide measurements in the test tracker for review.
• Prepare test reports on daily testing and provide the results to the team.
• File and verify ciritical framework and modem related bugs in the bug management tool.
• Setup and maintain different work stations in the lab with respect to hardware equipments/
accessories and software configuration on the Test Systems needd for daily testing.
• Work with multiple teams on Telephony related issues to get it tested and verified.

• Provide suggestions and ideas in the team meetings with respect to testing for reliable test results
 and improve productivity by minimizing error rate.
• Understand and modify automation python scripts to run dedicated testing based on test
 requirements.

Software Verification Engineer - Xperia at Sony Mobile Communications
March 2014  -  September 2015  (1 year 7 months)

Location: California, Texas -> Xperia Smartphones and Tablets
*Sony onsite interface at Soft card Lab for NFC Payment Mobile Application Lab Certification on
 Android based Xperia devices.
• Performed daily software build test on NFC functionality on all Android based Xperia devices 
• Performed daily software build test on NFC payment application called Softcard (acquired by
 Google) for Level 2 Compliance Testing.
• Performed FOTA test using VZW-Sony internal server to run test cases on NFC payment
 application Softcard.
• Performed complete & limited scope Functional & Regression test on Retail Sony devices
(mobile/tablets) and updated the results on Quality Center.
• Performed E911 Testing on all Android based Xperia unlocked (retail) devices using the Agilent
 8960 and Anritsu 8475 Test Simulators on UMTS bands. Also prepared E911 Test Execution
 documents.
• Reported/verified issues on Android based Xperia devices in IBM Clear Quest bug management
 tool for critical fixes.
• Performed Exploratory/Focus testing on TMO products for ongoing critical SW releases.
• Supported the RAT team to perform IMS VoIP and LTE RCS testing on LTE (3GPP) on Android
 based
Xperia device (TMO carrier) on the Spirent Test System.
• Supported the RAT team to perform RF Conformance and Signaling testing on CDMA (3GPP2)
 on Android based Xperia device (VZW carrier) on the Spirent Test System.
• Performed Log Analysis on LTE devices using Qualcomm tools, QXDM/QCAT, data logs using
 PCAP
files on Wire shark, and UE logs using ADB Logcat.
• Supported Field Test Team with AGPS testing on 2G, 3G and 4G LTE network technologies for
 E911 and Mobile Termination Location Request(MTLR) using LCAT Tool.
• Supported Power Management team with Verizon Test Plan on Days of Use Battery testing.
• Good understanding of Wi-Fi standards (802.11 (a/b/g/n/ac) and protocols, TCP/IP (OSI),
 Bluetooth fundamentals, protocol stack & profiles for BL Classic and Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE/
Smart).

Device Test Engineer - Moto Droid at Motorola
August 2013  -  February 2014  (7 months)

Location: Washington, New Jersey
1. Familiarity with wireless analysis over TCP/IP and UDP protocol and troubleshooting using Wire
 Shark.
2. Data Throughput field testing on Windows-Nokia tablets on Verizon & ATT network in using
 Datum tool to run on FTP, HTTP and UDP servers collecting QXDM logs.
3. Motorola device testing on Verizon network executing call, data and feature performance testing
 on the test devices under LTE, EVDO & 1XRTT.
4. Motorola field test training on T-Mobile network executing call performance, call quality tests and
 stationary data testing (stationary/mobility) for 2G/3G.

LTE Field Test Engineer - ATT & Ericsson Project at Scarlet Wireless Inc.
March 2013  -  August 2013  (6 months)

Location: Tennessee, Kentucky
1. Proficient in NEMO software in collecting LTE PS Session logs for cluster drives on LTE network.
2. Worked with Ericsson engineers to complete daily drives for AT&T in collection and optimization
 of the data.
3. Performed network trouble shooting drives, cluster drives for hand over, IRAT, reselection, data
 throughput UL/DL, CSFB, cell activation.
4. Proficient in TEMS 14.0 software to detect the RSSI, RSRP, Throughput on GSM, UMTS and
 LTE for T-Mobile/AT&T network.
5. Assisting the RF Engineers with various issues including customer complaints, swapping sectors
 etc.
6. Experience with handling JDSU Equipment to detect signals for MME on LTE network.
7. Knowledge in using MS Streets and Trips, MS Excel and MapInfo for creating and editing drive
 routes.

LTE Field Test Engineer - TMobile Project at T-Mobile
September 2012  -  February 2013  (6 months)

Location: Washington
Performed RF Drive Testing for data collection using TEMS field test tool in live T-Mobile network
 environment.
Acquired good Understanding of 2G, 3G, LTE Layers 1,2 and 3. 
Performed call performance testing on designated routes using Streets and Maps around the T-
Mobile Cell towers.
Performed IRAT and Inter/ Intra BSC/RNC/TAC handover testing on TMobile network environment. 
Drive testing for 2G/3G/4G protocol (GSM/GPRS/UMTS/LTE/VoLTE) and provide issues
 encountered with respect to call quality, drop calls, cell swap to the T-Mobile team.
Also performed in-building walk tests to ensure T-Mobile coverage via small cell or signal boosters.

Field Test Engineer - Intern at 3S Network Inc.

May 2011  -  August 2011  (4 months)

Location: Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Hawaii

1) Experience in performing drive test data collecting and post-processing for AT&T.
2) Understanding of the TEMS 11 software to detect signal strength and related issues using
 Samsung phones. 
3) Worked closely with Ericsson RF engineers in collecting data for optimization from the cluster
 drives to check Handoffs and Throughput Degradation.
4) Drop call Analysis- Drop call causes due Missing Neighbors, Handover issues, DL Coverage
 issues, UL Coverage issues, Overshooting pilots, Cell reselection issues, SC collisions, Inter RNC
 Handover issues and Hardware Issues.

Education
Southeast Missouri State University, Cape Girardeau, Missouri
Master's degree, Technology Management, 2010 - 2012
Activities and Societies:  International Student Association
Deccan College of Engineering and Technology, Hyderabad, India
Bachelor's degree, Production Engineering, 2005 - 2009
Activities and Societies:  All India Student Technical Education (AISTE)
International Indian School, Dammam, Saudi Arabia
High School, Mathematics and Science, 1992 - 2003

Zohaib Iqbal
San Francisco Bay Area
• Telephony/Modem Test Consultant @ Google • wireless technologies & programming
"ENTHUSIAST"

6 people have recommended Zohaib

"Zohaid was a great consultant that I had the pleasure of having in my organization. He has a
strong desire to learn and provided excellent technical test support for NFC certification. His onsite
support at external labs ensured that the project would be able to meet certification deadlines. "
—Mark George, Senior Manager, OMV North America,  Sony Mobile Communications,  managed
Zohaib indirectly at Sony Mobile Communications

"Zohaib works in my team testing telephony on Android OS Nexus devices. He is very hardworking,
eager to learn and grab new challenges. He has a strong background in telephony area, working
on simulators. He is always willing to support the development team by reproducing bugs and
collecting logs, as well as setting up new equipments or stations as needed. He has a good
understanding of bug criticality, filing and can also analyze the logs as needed. In addition to
the above, he has strong interest to write scripts (looks at scripts, recommends changes, and
understands to an extent) and coding (dev) in the nearest future. He is a good team player,
professionally dressed, social, is able to work under pressure and complete assigned tasks with
quality and reliability. I would say it is my luck to have Zohaib working in my team."
—Yang Liu, Software Engineer,  LinkedIn,  managed Zohaib at Google

"I worked with Zohaib at Sony Mobile since March 2014 while he was a verification engineer.
Some of the areas Zohaib executed test were the SoftCard mobile payment certification test and
he also helped my field test team execute T-Mobile GPS field test. Zohaib is willing to learn new
technologies, take on any assignment as needed and worked well with others. If you are in need of
a dependable test engineer I recommend Zohaib as a candidate."
—Byron Gunnell, Principal Certification Lead,  Faraday Future,  managed Zohaib indirectly at Sony
Mobile Communications

"Zohaib and I worked within the same organization (different teams) at Sony Mobile. While
employed with Sony Mobile, Zohaib demonstrated a strong willingness to learn and supported
others when possible. During challenging times when I needed support with unexpected team

tasks, I was able to reachout and secure his support and know that the assigned task was in good
hands. If you are searching for an engineer that's flexible, reliable, and open to taking on new
challenges, I recommend Zohaib."
—David Boyd, Team Lead - Senior Verification Engineer, Software,  Sony Mobile Communications, 
worked with Zohaib at Sony Mobile Communications

"Zohaib worked with me on TMO issues for Xperia Handsets. He troubleshooted and resolved
issues efficiently. He has good analytical and debugging skills, very friendly and always eager
to learn new technologies. He was recognized for his talent to fix complicated bugs and won a
reward Sony Smart Watch! He provided project support when needed even during the weekends,
accomplish assigned tasks and took steps to make sure work is completed with quality."
—Mamatha Gopal, PMP, PMI-ACP, CSM, NPI Project Manager,  Topcon Positioning Systems, 
managed Zohaib indirectly at Sony Mobile Communications

"It has been a pleasure to have Zohaib as tester, in many unlocked mobile phone projects. He has
always proven to be a valuable test engineer with strong analytical skills and attention towards
details. He has consistently shown interest in learning and contributing to new area. I wish him
good luck."
—Subha Rathnasabapathy, Program Manager,  Verizon,  managed Zohaib indirectly at Sony
Mobile Communications

Profile Notes and Activity (1)
10/21/2017—View by Shane Ong

